Hello and welcome back. Apparently that is now my intro for all of the let's play episodes. I should have planned out something else, but it's too late now because we're on episode six. So in episode 5, we spent a lot of time exploring Will's character and we met Will's Patron, Mizora, and also we recruited Karlach to our group and did Karlach's first Quest where we had to kill a group of paladins of Tear, or so they claimed. We're trying to hunt her down. They were working for the archdevil Zaryel, and Karlach is a really, really cool character. Definitely encourage you guys to explore her a little bit. She's been one of the more fun companions to have in the group, and I've only had her in the group for half a session so far. She's a fun one to have around. So now we're going to go ahead and press on and start off by working on the save the refugees Quest as Zevlor the Tiefling back from The Druids Grove has asked us to kill some goblins to make the roads a bit safer for the Tieflings. So we're gonna press on into this Village right here. I'm just gonna go right up the gut even though I know that there's a reception check right here. I think I did it earlier. They didn't go in. Let's keep quiet. As the thimble glows, power courses through you. Authority. It's at this moment in time that my character Wolf just feels a sudden urge to take advantage of this power, even though something in the back of his mind is telling him not to do that, but something more powerful in the back of his mind is telling him to do it. We're gonna go ahead and use the lifted wisdom power. Stand down now. You're a true soul, but my mistake, sir. Your mind lurches, reeling suddenly as if bitten. Travel from us. Interesting. Oh man, I can't wait to do a run where I just use nothing but the tadpole Powers at all times and another one where we don't even touch it. Gonna be interesting to see what the consequences are here for me delving into it a little bit. All right, let's have a chat with Gale. Glad you have a moment for me. My um, comment. I'm rather urgent. I need a magical artifact to consume right now. We've already found enough magic to soothe it's this quiet if you're just give me what I need. Ah, and what will happen to this item should I give it to you? I will consume the magic inside. What was a powerful artifact will be rendered no more than a trinket, but it will save my life, even if only temporarily. Okay, you know what? I feel like I believe the guy now. Obviously, he's hiding a lot, but I'm gonna go ahead and give him a magical artifact, and we will give him hmm, we'll give him the Ring of color spray. I kind of like that ring though, hold on. Yeah, we'll give him the ring a color spray. I don't really like color spray that much, even though it's a really good spell. Okay, so how do we do this? There we go, donate. Thank you, thank you. Oh, that hit the spot. I can feel it work. Why does he look so small right now? Like a lullaby that sings to sleep the demon inside, the metaphorical demon. I haste the points out, but no less dangerous, and no less bound to wake up again to continue its ravages. Such is the nature of all monsters. Maybe I'm standing on higher elevation. My what else? I don't think is that big. How do I know the real monster isn't you, Gale? My woods, my actions, my award-winning smile. Sincerely though, I understand I ask a lot from you with few answers in return, but in time, all will be told. I just find Gale's humor very humorous, and he's got this cocky, arrogant attitude, but he does it in a way that makes you laugh, so it's okay. Well, that condition of yours is very expensive. Nothing there comes cheap. Okay, and look at that, we have reached level four, but Will hasn't. Okay, so hold on, I think we can get that pretty fast despite everything. Okay, the Waypoint has been discovered. Before I level everybody up, you know what, actually, I'll level everybody up right now, and we'll just call this level. Or I finally get to take the feat that I've been waiting for. My plan right now, and all my plans could end up changing. My plan since the start of my ability scores has been to take the heavy armor Master feat, which is the reason why I gave myself an odd number in strength, because we're going to take a half feat. Okay, so we've got 40 HP, we can replace a spell, but I don't think I need to replace a spell, so let's just go right to the feats here. And we have the ability to improve. I like how they, it's not as confusing anymore. Everything's basically a feat. An ability Improvement is also a feat, so if you choose the top one, you can do your two ability score points. You know, I could technically do 18 in strength and then boost my wisdom to 14, but the odd number in wisdom wasn't intentional. I was just left over with one point, but I intentionally left myself with one odd number, which you don't often do. And we're gonna go down here and scroll down to the heavy armor Master feat. Your strength increases by one, so that pushes us up to 18 with a plus three modifier. Big help. Incoming damage from non-magical attacks also decreased by three while you're wearing heavy armor. So to still be able to get my strength, my primary ability score up to 18 and also get this damage mitigation, which doesn't really sound like that much, but over the course of a combat encounter and of course over the course of the game, that's a lot of damage mitigated right there. So I'm excited to try this out. It's, I guess it's a little bit more on the boring side because it's not really like an active feat, but that's okay. Let's uh, let's become a tanky Ranger. So level five is when we're really going to start being able to take advantage of the necromancy subclass. We do get to choose another cantrip. Let's see here. The bone chill, 60 feet prevent the target from healing until your next turn. An undead target receives disadvantage on attack rolls. Blade War Dancing Lights, Light, Minor Illusion, and Illusion is actually pretty good, but I'm going to take the necromancy spells. I'm going to start focusing on those a little bit more, even if they're not necessarily the greatest at this point. It'd be good to learn them and find good uses for them. And then for spells, let's see what we have here. I do want to try Arcane Lock. Gust of Wind sounds cool too. Summon a strong wind that clears all clouds and pushes back creatures 17 feet, forcing them off balance, which gives them attack rolls against them have advantage. It has a 40 foot range. Holy cow, that's crazy. I hope I can find Scrolls for all of these. All right, so we do have Ray of Sickness, which is a necromancy spell. So I may actually want to pick that up. Gotta start taking advantage of Grim Harvest. What other spells do we have here, guys? There are some really good spells. Shatter is a great spell. Approaching Ray, okay. Ray of Enfeeblement, that can actually be good against certain creatures. Hold Person, really good. Of course, I'm actually tempted to take Hold Person. Then we have Enlarge/Reduce. That could be pretty fun. I feel like I want every spell. No, I don't know what to do. We have Blindness/Deafness. Limit a foe's sight range. It's easier to hit creature. You know what? Actually, one reason to not take necromancy spells is if I do find a Ray of Sickness scroll, it only costs half the gold to learn it. But I'll take Ray of Sickness. All right, and I'm also going to take, let's go with... I need another AOE one that's not concentration. Well, I am going to go with Shatter, and I might replace Fireball with Shatter in the future. Okay, and then we have our prepared spells. Get rid of Witch Bolt. That looks good to me. And with Gale, let's see what he's got for ability scores over here. Get our intelligence to 18, and then our constitution is 16. It's the way his ability scores have been set up. That's actually pretty good. But actually, I think it'd be even better to do dexterity to 14. Yeah, because then we have that plus two that's going to boost our Armor class. If I was really focusing on concentration spells, I might consider boosting that one, but I think dexterity 14 is pretty good here. Okay, so many Feats to test out in this game. And then we have Karlach. And what does she set up with? Let's see. You want to get her strength to 18. Oh yeah, then we'll get her constitution of 16. Perfect for a barbarian. Excellent. Not even going to think about a feat, although I could take Great Weapon Master, but I'll consider that at level eight. I plan on taking Great Weapon Master at level eight with my Ranger. No, never mind. You know what? I gotta say, after playing Hunter Ranger in Early Access a long time ago, Beastmaster is a lot of fun, and I'm gonna start getting some cool uses out of my animals the more that we play here. I feel like the Hunter Ranger is probably, on average, a little bit more powerful. You don't have to worry about the positioning of an animal creature. You just kind of dish out extra damage with Colossus Slayer. But hey, you know, naturally, I'm a Beastmaster Ranger, and I love my direwolf Fern, so as well that ends not as bad as it could. Everybody's telling Fern to shoe. Okay, let's go see what's going on up here. We got a deep gnome on a windmill. Cool. We go, yeah, another little birdie. You wanting to fly? Stop this thing. Flap those wings some more, and I'll feed you a worm. And you, I hope you got a stomach for rights. Wish we could play goblins as a playable race. What the hell's are you doing? What's the bloody look like? We're teaching this here pipsqueak to fly. Let me rephrase that. Why are you doing this? 'Cause it makes me laugh. Hmm. One's over, buddy. Release the gnome at once. But you feel nothing in response. Your lithid power is beyond reach until you rest. Oh, okay. You only get to use it once per long rest. I won't let you harm aDefenseless being, not without a fight. Oops, we don't need that. Told you, it really is tough having a well. Actually, I should have will do more of the talking now because he's my Charisma caster. Without Will in the group, I feel like I need Shadow for that guidance cantrip if I care about succeeding in my skill checks. The Goblin's nostrils flare as if trying to judge you through smell alone. We're leaving. Oh God, I don't know. He was supposed to bring in plenty of sport and rich pickings out there for us. Damn straight. Hey, nice, we got Will to level four too. So let me save that. I'll call this Will level four. Okay, for cantrips we got bone chill, friends, mage hand, minor illusion, poison spray. I actually might take minor illusion. We don't really need a combat one because we have Eldritch blast. So, and then for spells, scorching ray can be really good with the Warlock when you combine it with hex. I think I am going to take that one. I need big damage on a single target. Okay, and for ability scores we have charisma at 17, so we want to boost that to 18. And then definitely dexterity to 14. A lot of odd numbers with the companions. Awesome, let's call him the Closet this time. Listening, such a funny scene. It's sad, but it's funny too. I know, I'm tied to a windmill. Play comical. Okay, let's investigate this windmill a little bit. It's crazy how big Act 1 is. We still have so much content left to go just in Act 1. Okay, release for brake lover. What's going on back there? Go check it out, go away. Yeah, I thought you guys left. Okay, they did. These. Looking at it, I can't see him. Wasn't supposed to go off. It was supposed to go off if the Goblins were still here and then I did that, but they're gone, so we shouldn't have seen that. Ugh, pustulant thugs. Well, get on with it. Get on with what? You saved me, now you'll extort me? That's how this works? Yes, I'd rather know how you got caught. Really? Should have dropped my pack and outrun those bastards. Alas, take my pack if you can find it. The only reason those goblins caught me was its weight. I'll travel lightly from now on. You're a little far from home for a deep gnome. Ignorance is alive and well, it seems. Deep gnomes aren't restricted to the Underdark, you know. I've lived in Baldur's Gate for years. I'm in search of a friend. I fear he's in trouble. See this? I gave it to him years ago before I left home. I found it around the neck of a thug in the Lower City. It was speckled with blood, my friend nowhere to be found. But I still have hope. I have reason to believe he's in the Underdark. Hopefully, I'll pick up his trail from there. I always help my friends. On that note, I bid you farewell. If we should meet again, well, we will have met again. Okay, we got a Folk Hero. Oh, Will is the Folk Hero background. An Inspiration Point for that. Not as bad as it could have been. Learned that our Asterion was murdered by a girl or Noma. Had long ago, the vampire lord Cazador came to his aid and made him a vampire spawn. We gave Gale a potent magical item and he was able to absorb the weave inside. His condition has stabilized, though he has warned us this is an ongoing struggle. We should be prepared for the next time the need arises. And then we completed Rescue the Gnome, and hopefully we'll see Barcus again at some point. I've got a long road ahead. They're saying get away to my animal companion and maybe the Closet too. Oh, there's so many buildings to explore in every single area in this game. It's crazy. But we're gonna push on through the Blighted Village right now. That actually, you know what? Let's go to the school. See what these ogres are doing real fast. This actually might be quite difficult. I'm gonna have Will go out first. We're gonna have Will, then we'll have Gale. Put him on the roof before we go talk to these ogres here. Hard checking things out. Tastes like chicken. No chicken. Thighs log fish. Gentlemen design yourselves as quarrel sounds our faced. The size tastes like poke. And what surprises this? Brothers, look here. I have eyed yet another prize. Fortune favors our bellies. Stranger, be you friend or food. The mark is her measure. Shows the brand of the absolute. I'll do you one better. I'm one of the absolute's chosen disciples. Thank you. Seriously? Indeed. How regrettable that your meat must go uneaten. Food followed, not food, friend. You are quite the articulate ogre, am I not? Astonishing. A robust diet makes for a shrewd mind, you see. I am a gourmet, and you a delicacy. Oh, I so lucky. He kind of reminds me of Gale in ogre form. I've seen few other ogres in these parts. Follow the scent of blood and gold to all lands fertile, friend. This land proves particularly fruitful. I notice you don't bear a brand of your own for the absolute. God, I follow two masters only: gluttony and greed. Goblins understand my appetites. They say my hunger for gold and the rest say my hunger for meat. But Goblin give gold. We check brand. Good deal. No talk. Forget Goblins. You should be fighting for me. I am, by all accounts, a student of higher commerce and extortion. Make me an offer. Tempt me. I'll pay you in the flesh of the fallen. You'll have your fill. Wow. Either 16. I got a four. No, I don't know if I want to use two inspiration points for this, but I feel like I'm addicted to it right now. We gotta do it. Oh my God, are you serious? I might as well just use the last one now at this point, right? Okay, we got it this time. Oh, I just used three inspiration points to fail three times and end on a critical failure. That's pretty bad. You meant to make a better offer, surely. Okay, I'll give you 500 gold if I can call you into battle. A serenade to my ears and a boon to my belly. We've a bargain, my tasty kibble. Take my vote. One blow and the ground will quake with my family name. Yes, use it when the need arises and never a moment before. Ogre kill everyone around, then ogre eats them. Well spoken indeed. Ogre kill everyone around. Okay, well we got the horn. Dang, seek and you shall find me. Are you still standing? Okay, we're gonna press on past the Blighted Village now, even though there's plenty of houses to still explore. Yeah, I could go for a good meal. Let's go see what this place is all about. We've arrived in the Goblin Camp. Now to find the three leaders. The path less traveled. This is off limits. Get to the main gate or I'll plug you full of arrows. Yeah, okay, I guess we're not allowed to go over there. What happens if I do this? Oh, is he mad? Hope he's okay with that. Another reason to be here, fake sight. As the thimble glows, power courses through you. Authority. This will be our first opportunity to use the illicit wisdom powers with a companion, but I think we can probably just intimidate here. I'm a hired sword and lawyers inside. Stand aside now. Turkey too. Laughs. Damn sore backup. She's a little overexcited. It's been a busy day. Legs are celebrating. I'm looking for someone named Halsin. Oh, if he ain't one of us and if he's here, he's down in the pits. Down in the pits by the horses in a foul mood. Or he awaits a gallant rescue. Likely both. That noise coming from behind you. Good or bad? It depends who you are. You are camping this. Get yourself a bit of fun before it dries up. A raid on what? Rip the guts out of Wacky's Rest. We did. Things are good for gutting. Dad's even captured some Duke. Worth celebrating, that is. Okay, well, I'm at it. Excuse me, lads. There is something that I would like to try up here. They're no longer in Early Access. Go down this road and see where it takes us. It shall be done. Come on, call please. From the bloody walls. Oh no. Hear my voice. Obey my command. He says irresistible. You recognize the overwhelming authority that you've used on others, only infinitely stronger. Vision clouds, leaving you in a dark, featureless shadow escape. Nothingness in every direction. Then there are three figures before you. An armored male elf exuding power and command. A handsome younger man with a quick, easy smile. A pale young woman with even paler eyes. These are my chosen. They speak for me. Age their search for the weapon, and you will be worthy to stand beside them in my presence. The vision fades and the voice alters as a strange energy swells around you. The many-sided artifact, somehow you understand it's repelling the presence. My house, my forces gather. The reckoning trolls near. That thing's shielding us. Incredible. What type of power the artifact possesses? It shows no sign of it now. Well, that was interesting. Fact is fighting off the voice, and the voice is related to the illicit wisdom powers that we've been using in dialogue. The pride of the gate, one move ahead. Curious. With my bare hands. No hope of clearing this without a shovel. Really? I don't have a shovel in my inventory. I need a shovel to dig this up. I thought I had a shovel. Okay, make sure to tie up any loose ends before advancing. The area you're about to enter will be bitterly difficult for a party of your level. Let's save, and I'm gonna click it. Want to see if we can come back. Ah, brought me to my camp. I wonder why that is. I came just in time. You are transforming. This is the guardian that we created in character creation. Who the hells are you? Saved you before. Wow, and I'm here to save you again. Don't worry, you will not become a mind flayer, not while I'm around. I'll protect you. Oh, this gets me so excited because this is completely new content right now. I've been wondering who saved us for the past three years when we fell off the nautiloid ship. Let's be a little bit cautious here though. Let's get up on our own independent. Good. We haven't much time, so listen closely. There is great potential within you. It comes from that parasite, your instinct.Is to resist the power it gives but you must accept it, nurture it. I will keep it from consuming you, for the sake of both of us. You must learn to wield it. Hmm, foreign. [Music] For now, you can change that but only if you embrace your potential. I have to go, the enemy is closing in. I will be back. Awake now, you'll feel better, I promise. What was that? Ah, okay so that's part of our personal quest. We were visited in our dreams by a mysterious figure who told us that our lipid parasites are special and the source of great potential. See if anyone else had that dream. Did you have any strange dreams of late? Vivid ones? It happened to you as well? Done. Done. Dream companion wanted me to use the tadpole, use its power. Whoever it was claimed to be an ally but I don't know. It seems like we can't escape this mess in the waking world or otherwise. Something strange happens, that artifact that you carry, it seemed to just come to me. I felt it, you felt it fly away from you? Yes, no, I don't know. The artifact seems to have powers and a will of its own, protect us. I don't know how or why, but I'm glad. I felt it go from me to you, you need its help just as it needs us. Still just a box after all, I suppose you'll want it back. Might not be possible, prone to last. We can all help to protect it. Wow, I never expected Shadowheart to do that. Ladies Sorrows guide us, did you want something? [Music] I want to get to know you more, Shadowheart. You were my biggest secret, what more can you ask? What drew you to Shar worship? She took, without her I wouldn't be alive. She nurtures me, cares for me, loves me. Don't believe the lies the Sharunites tell. [Music] Tell me something about yourself, besides Shar. Besides tadpoles, what sides my life's calling in the problem I've ever faced. Is that the sort of thing you meant? That's exactly it. Anything else you'd care to share? Secrets must be preserved above all else, all who worship her know this. I have had certain memories suppressed voluntarily, so that I can serve Shar without compromising her. If I manage to return to Baldur's Gate and fulfill Shar's mission, then my memories will be restored. You've had your memories suppressed, that seems extreme. Of course, it is an act of faith, not to be undone. Okay, I'm assuming all the other companions have a lot to say right now after that dream. I had the strangest dream last night, there was a visit promising me protection and all sorts of delicious powers from the parasites in our heads. Given our shared affliction, I suppose you had a similar dream. I did, excellent. Now we can see what these tadpoles can do for us. Hmm, still not trusted. Interesting, I only have two responses here, one is we should take advantage of it and the other one is I don't trust it. Still feel like I'm kind of like in the middle, I don't exactly know what to do with that. Well, let's say we don't trust it for now. Is there something you want? You're such an utter drip, I mean, something or are you just here to spoil my fun? Good, I had a dream, as we all did I suspect. Someone came to me and promised to protect me while claiming that the parasite could empower me. The parasite has taken root, it would seem. Every word, every promise, it is deceit, deception. Lae'zel's having none of that. I think you're right, Lae'zel. We should ignore this dream figure at all costs. Hmm, I'm leaning towards that. A wise choice. I had a dream last night, a vivid one, and so did you judging from the way my tadpole is tingling. Someone came to me and promised to protect me while claiming that the parasite could empower me. Tempting as these powers sound, we should recognize this dream for what it is, the tadpole's little trick. No good ever came from trusting honey-tongued strangers conjured up by her lipid worms. It's funny because I can tell some companions that I want to take advantage of the dreams and the powers, and they could tell other ones that we should resist it at all costs. Be interesting to do half and half and see how that plays out. I'm gonna stay consistent here. You should have as little to do with these tadpoles as we can. Well said. This dream figure is no friend to us. Let's see what Gale has to say. Can I use the telescope? My apologies. Huh, not quite myself just yet. Stranger's dream last night, that came to me. Vision of unparalleled beauty and power. She told me she was watching over me and that our tadpoles could prove beneficial if we embrace what powers they have to offer. Well, uncanny apparition. Not entirely sure what to make of it. I had a similar dream, a similar visitor with a similar message. In all my readings on the effects of lipid parasites, I've never come across any accounts of correlating dreams between infected parties. Another unique quality of our predicament, perhaps. Hmm, are you inclined to take these visitors at their word? I'm not sure. Such an apparition has its own motives. Whatever it told us, nothing wrong with maintaining a healthy suspicion in such matters. Still, it might be wiser to keep an open mind on the matter. Our visitor's promises of aid might yet bear valuable fruit. Okay, I expected that out of Gale. If Wyll has anything to say, did you have a dream too? Fate spins a lot. Does thou require a new ally? Nope. Wow, it's actually going to let us into, I believe, the Act 2 area. And I'm assuming we can go right back to Act 1. Oh my God, no way. I mean, I've been having a great time so far in this Let's Play, going through Act 1, and there's a lot of new and improved and changed content, but this is... I've been waiting... never mind, three years for this. Wow, look at this. We could just take a quick peek. Thank you. It looks like we can go back at any time. Oh, it's so beautiful out here. The Rosie Moor Monastery Trail. I gotta be real careful though. We get into one combat encounter and this TPK-less run is going to turn into a TPK real fast. Doesn't look dangerous right now though. Oh, let's unlock this fast travel point and just have a quick look. This is so... it's so exciting. This has to be the Act 2 area. It looks like we have like a temple to the Thunder or something like that. And this is the mountain pass and the City of Baldur's Gate should be beyond the mountains and down the road. What to do? Okay, well, we're gonna keep the anticipation alive and instead of just pushing down into Act 2, let me look at the sign real fast. I'm so tempted just to go for it, but I bet you the first combat encounter that we get in is going to be like level... I have no idea, like five levels above us. North Rosie Monastery, West Moonrise. What the hell is that? South Joaquin's Rest. Oh my God. Oh my gosh. Back up, folks. Holy crap. To Death's Shepherd. Holy crap, and then we got some ghouls. People come back a little bit closer. The Sony level six. I wonder if Act 2 is level six. So cool. All right, but we're gonna be smart and we're gonna head back. We've gotten a taste for what the next Act will be like. I'm assuming that maybe this is part of Act 1. I don't really know, but either way, this is territory that we've never been able to experience in the three years that we've had Early Access for. And then we can also go this way too. I think I know where this... Yep, that brings us back into Act 1. Actually, it might be risky to go back in this way. Let's go back to the other entrance. What a beautiful area. The environment looks a little bit different, which is nice. And I'm wondering if I can just fast travel. I can. Rialto Crags. Oh, our adventure is still so, so early. Make sure taking every moment along the way, because before you know it, we'll all have played through the game. That's really exciting that we can go back and forth between these loading screens. Gonna have to confirm that that's Act 2 though before I say we can go back and forth between acts. And there still might be like a point in the game, something that happens story-wise that doesn't let you go back. But this actually seems like a nice little natural stopping point halfway through this episode. I'm gonna get up and have a drink of water and then we'll come back and we'll push into the goblin fortress here. And I guess the mission that we're currently on right now is we're helping out the refugees, possibly going to take out the goblin leaders, but we're also just kind of investigating what's going on around here and trying to figure out this whole tadpole thing. So I will see you guys shortly. Alright, let's continue on with episode six. This gameplay session so far has been the most interesting session by far as we not only had that vision with the absolute and we saw the three chosen and the absolute has asked us to help her find a weapon that she's looking for and then we would be greatly rewarded and be able to stand in her presence. But then also we had that mysterious dream or that figure called the Guardian visited us and told us to embrace the tadpole powers and that she would protect us from turning into a mind flayer. But we needed to embrace the powers otherwise the fate of Faerun does not look too good. And these guys are really... get the hell away from my wolf. They're telling Fern to shoo. Are you kidding me? I'll give you one chance to turn around right now. Three, two, one. Nobody tells my wolf to shoo. Hmm, okay. I think I got the job done though. So yeah, it's been an interesting session so far and now we're going to investigate this ruined Temple of Seluna which has been taken over by goblins and we might end up killing a few goblins to help out the refugees so they have a safer journey to Baldur's Gate but also we're going to try to find Halsin here, the true leader of the Druids Grove, see if he has any information on a cure for us. We should be able to walk right in because we are true souls and nobody saw me kill that goblin.T Goblin so Glory headed Goblin Kind well that appears to be Volo from The Druids Grove scared of my wolf oh they're disgusted by my wolf The Stranger in a fair cam quit fragulus crown and with scepter a braid draw ragslin short work of The Innkeeper made in front to Ash the captives were many goblet kind had reduced them to cowering filthy so raise it the old covenants and drain them with pride draw ragsland the true Soul had led you collide foreign charge the way this one's carrying on Bravo Volo Bravo you did say you're coming out to the goblin Camp how's that going for you who's that friend of yours you up to summon suddenly not what are you doing I'm busy here you lying to you never let's continue our ballad a draw Rags clean it's all right Slender Man um I am Patrol um you broke him wait wait [Music] thank you thank you oh look what you've done doesn't seem to be going too well for Volo who did so we just got shocked who did say he was coming out here look into the Goblins now he is apparently their slave hey fair enough we got a quest called rescue Volo we found Volo performing for the Goblins under significant duress he was led into their Camp's interior by a guard he clearly needs help we'll probably help him maybe berries we could impict these humans oh you got him good and who are you another pest elves figure rule the world ah as the thimble glows power courses through you Authority hmm to use our powers or not to use them I don't just think so it's a fact you're nothing but dirt beneath my feet Goblin well Knox things are changing we've got the absolute on our side now the better learn your place go on kiss my foot or I'll wipe that nasty look right off your pretty face I feel I should warn you that the average Goblin foot is host of some two dozen toe curling diseases how about you kiss my feet instead you want your teeth knocked in you ain't got nothing on me so kiss my foot okay you leave me no choice you will obey me kneel foreign no way I don't think so I think I'll break your legs instead oh great hopefully it's only Crusher and his band of goblins here get them fern yeah I would run too if we want to use spell slots right now or not to it seems like the entire Goblin Camp is not interested in this fight right now so is Crusher coming through I think I'm gonna hold off on using spell slots oh damn okay okay so stick to cantrips 60 75 you know what let's do it on this guy okay not bad hey awesome they're running away when they take damage apparently pressure wasn't that great of a leader oh I forgot about her a little imp right here [Music] oh I can't make it oh I can't make it and then of course we have Mighty carlax so we're gonna put Karlach over here on Crusher and I'm gonna hold off on Raging as well I'm trying not to waste spell slots I don't want to have to rust oh it's just too Reckless attack we'll get my Ranger over here was I disarmed oh there it is okay this is my time okay so I think I'm just gonna use a melee attack I'm missing a lot in combat my roles aren't good in this particular session in dialogue but before my roles have been great the combat's been pretty brutal for me let me double check and make sure okay cool you can change the difficulty at any time but I'm Gonna Leave It unbalanced all right Mr Gilly gal awesome Yale a yield he wants Mercy I say show it to him decisively now you should kiss my feet yes there there at least I'm wearing boots hmm leave him groveling on the ground or laugh at his eagerness and finish him off so curious what that would do to thee camp in its entirety would they respect my decision I don't like that this guy told me to kiss his feet that was quite disrespectful good no telling how many lives he might yet have taken tonight the coast breathes easier [Music] oh wow oh my okay well we have our answer to that question damn for some reason I was thinking like maybe the camp would respect that it's just like a little quarrel that me and Crusher are having together but no they took that personal okay so it's a good thing I saved my spell slots and I forgot to cast Mage Armor [Music] where do I want to go go up here I'm okay with this I just didn't expect to be fighting the entire camp hey we got the vine growth again that's really cool I can't wait to see some of the other wild Magic surges so difficult terrain Cuts your movement speed in half oh I forgot my wolf was over there are you kidding me Oh I thought I had Gale back far enough right there apparently not all right well I'm gonna have to have you I might actually have will Misty stuff too but it's unfortunate because warlocks only have two spell slots but honestly I think it's more important that I get away so let's go up here and then we're gonna have to hold off on hex on this round and let's start taking these goblins out we also have the ogre too this is not good two steps at a time not good at all all right Let's do let's see we got 5 HP right here so we'll do a magic Missile one on that guy I think that'll probably kill him and it didn't I should have done two thank you six foreign life without a cleric and this actually could be hold on let's see where I can get a misty step off to this is going to be risky but I'm gonna do it anyways I'm Gonna Save My potion of speed I don't have any bombs do I was hoping to teleport over there and then use clouded daggers but I didn't realize that I used my last spell slot when I did that so in that case Jupiter and we have a bonus action with Karlach still so I'm gonna go ahead and quickly eat a potion [Music] damn it you gotta be kidding me X doesn't reach but Eldritch blast does my feet super low on HP right now but that's okay cause I'm a ranger Knight you kidding me right now yeah I definitely should have jumped up there but I thought that would be funny to do that sShould I use rage? Let's do it again, why not? Let's rage. Let's see what we get for the wild magic surge. Intangible spirit. So the idea is rage, you can summon an intangible spirit each turn. So I'm in a spectral flump. The flump explodes at the end of your turn, dealing one to six force damage to each creature within seven feet. I'll be a big old... Okay, I want to summon the flump. I almost don't want to kill these guys, but what the hell, why not? Breathing, despite everything. Haha, I wouldn't last much longer like this. Yeah, let's see what this flump is all about. Oh, that's awesome. Kind of cute. Look at all the resistances. Can't be shoved, thrown, or used as an improvised weapon. All right, it explodes at the end of your turn, so let's go ahead and end Karlach's turn. Wanna see what this does, so hold on, he's gonna skip around. And there it goes. We kind of missed it though. 15 XP, are you kidding me? That's okay, it was worth the fun, right? Pick up all the instruments, even though we don't have a Bard in our group, or anyone that can do the performance check. See what Crusher has on him. Crusher's ring, movement speed plus 10 feet. I think I know exactly who I'm putting that on. See, my Ranger is going to be able to go so far in one turn, and he's not even a monk or a rogue. That's crazy. I literally have a movement speed of 45 feet when I have long strider active, which should be at all times. I don't have it active right now. I should have activated that immediately when I started the session. I'm still not in the habit of doing that. Okay, I still hear more goblins. I think they're on the upper level of the goblin fortress. And here I go. Look how far I can move. Crazy. In one turn, that's my Ranger right there. Stayed interesting. Well, in Scimitar, we have some pork right here. Roasted dwarf leg. Oh, look at that. It's an owlbear cub. Go have a little chat. Mother gone. Hungry. I have a camp. You're welcome there. New hope, maybe. He runs away. Only time will tell if he'll reappear. What a cutie. Hopefully he comes. I hope I can follow my scent to camp. Is then we can have Scratch and the owlbear cub at our camp. Okay, I'm not entirely sure. Oh, look at that. We have a bunch of stone sculptures and statues of Soluna. Got us at the Moon. Shadowheart would not approve of us being here. And actually, now that I think of that, I think this is probably a good time for me to go back to camp, rest, and then I think I'm gonna pick up Shadowheart because some of these combat encounters in here could be quite difficult. Question is, who do I want to leave behind? I think I'm gonna have Will stay back now until I have a plan for Will's melee build with Pact of the Blade. I don't know if I want to use Eldritch Blast every time. Defender of the people. So we're going to go ahead and dismiss Will. Friend, I'm sorry. What happened to your master? Friend, I stayed with him and... him until I knew he... will never forget him. But I'm glad to have met you. We'll give him a little pet. I want to see the interactions between Scratch and the owlbear cub if that happens. How bloody I am right now. Well met. All right, Will, stay in camp. Are you sure? Yes, I am. Who is that? Foreign. Miles away. Is everything all right, Gale? Of course. I was just... singing incantation. There's more to it than that. The figure that I saw, she means something to you. Might be a little risky. She does. She's... she's Mistra. I can't quite describe it. The need I sometimes feel to see her, to draw the filaments of fantasy into existence. Those sculptural paintings could never do her justice. Only the fabric that she herself is. The bodies, the weave, and the strut. It's all magic, as far as I'm concerned. She is all creation. I did an entire lore video on Mistra and the weave a few weeks ago. I didn't realize the depth of your devotion. Magic is my life. I've been in touch with the weave for as long as I can remember. There's nothing like it. It's like music, poetry, physical beauty all rolled into one and given expression through the senses. Would you like to experience this? Yes, actually. As a ranger, I would. Then follow my lead, foreign. I'm not trying to have a moment with Gale right now. I'm just trying to mess with magic. All right, let's see what we got here. Sleight of hand. Imitate the gesture quickly and decisively. Well, okay. I guess magic's just not my thing. Rangers use divine magic. Not quite, but this is the easy part. Should we try again? I thought my character would have been shorter as a Wood Elf. I wonder how tall they are in the lore. I know the drow are pretty short. You know what, Gale? This just isn't my cup of tea. The look that you're giving me right now, I think you're taking this the wrong way. I think it's a mistake to give up so easily, but I cannot force your hand. Always a pity when opportunities slip us by. Good night. Good night, Gale. Okay, let's go get Shadowheart into our group. That scene is pretty cool. I've done it in Early Access with some of my caster characters. I did it with a sorcerer. Definitely recommend that you guys go through it. Join me. All right, some... Oh, nice. We get to level up Shadow too. So she's gonna get to level four. So let me save that. So we'll call this Shadow Level 4. And we get to pick a cantrip. Produce Flame, Blade Ward, Light, or Thaumaturgy. Hmm, I'm gonna take Produce Flame. And then we don't have to prepare spells right now. We can do that later. Let's see what her ability scores are set up as. She currently has a 17 in Wisdom, so we probably want to get that to 18, especially if she's the one healing my group. And then as a cleric, I think the best bet here is probably to boost Dexterity to 14 as well. And that'll also boost her Armor Class by one, get it off that odd number. Yeah, that looks pretty good. Shadow has something to say about this place right when we arrive. Nothing important. Well, now I'm intrigued. Do continue. I could have died in that pod back on the Nautiloid. You did it anyway. I owe you my life. Wow, I'm trying to say that you've earned my trust in a way very few ever have. I want that to mean something. I want you to know more about me, at least from what I can remember. As long as I prayed to Lady Shah, I wished to serve her as a Dark Justice here. There is scarcely a greater way to fully dedicate yourself to Lady Shah, save perhaps if you become the head of her church. To become a Dark Justice here is to become the Night Singer's sword, her implement with which she will cast down the unbelievers and win the final battle to restore her perfect, endless darkness. It's all I ever wanted. I prayed it was my calling, but Mother forbid me from seeking to prove myself worthy of the rank. She said I was not ready. Not my mother, Mother, I should add. The Mother Superior, head of Lady Shah's Enclave in Baldur's Gate. Sometimes I wonder if she would ever deem me ready. I owe her everything, and I only wish to serve. Yet she can prove inscrutable. You think she'll ever relent and make you a Dark Justice here? Hope has little place amongst Lady Shah's children. An illusion, a distraction, for this. I hope my time will yet come. I don't understand why be so secretive about such an ambition. Dark Justice ears are hated by many, judged to be ruthless fanatics. Even the few who would accept a follower of Lady Shah would likely balk at a Justice here in their midst. But there's a simpler answer to your question. Simply forgot about the desire I had until I saw some things that reminded me. Now I can't get it out of my mind. Well, thanks for sharing a lot of information on Shadowheart right there. Am I starting to second-guess my understanding of Shah, the goddess of the night, the evil goddess of the night, or is Shadowheart just completely brainwashed? Let me come back this way real fast because I saw a waterfall on her way in, and whenever you see a waterfall in an RPG, you always check behind it. See if Gale has Feather Fall. Do I not have that spell yet? I didn't learn Feather Fall. I guess I didn't. Yeah, we have a scroll of Feather Fall. We do, so let's go ahead and have Gale learn that right now. Beautiful. Let's give it a quick try. So let's go to K and let's prepare it. Lovely day, this. I'm sure there's a way down there. Actually, there is a way down there. I know, of course. But now we can use Feather Fall and it'll be a lot more fun. Path isn't true. There we go. Oh, pretty good. Oh, that looks like a bit of an ankle buster. This is trapped. Got a little bit of tripwire right here. I wonder what the explosion radius of that is. It tried disarming it, but oh wow. Good thing I moved over this way, smacked my head into the rock. Otherwise, I would have went flying off. The trail of weave moss. Charmer, get Karlach up here. Like has danger sense. You have advantage on dexterity saving throws against trap spells and surfaces. So Karlach should, in this group that I have right now, Karlach should be the one that's kind of checking things out. And she has the most HP by far. Well, um, let me back out of that. Bring Shadow up here too. And actually, Shadow is going to be my best lock picker now, now that I boosted her dexterity. Thank you. Would you look at that? If I didn't boost my dexterity at level four back at camp, I wouldn't have succeeded. Dearest, your Excellency, and most prettiest Mentara, you might not remember me. I ain't nobody important, after all, not yet. I was chasing chickens with the lads when you came to visit Boss Ragslin. He looked right at me when you told him that if we was good at killing humans as we was at plucking poultry, we might be worth a damn. Made me feel proper special to be recognized like that. Next raid, I'll spill so much blood the Absolute will have to notice me. Then I'll come to Moonrise and you'll notice me too. I'm the one with the Stumpy leg and the gimpy eye. Laga. Great axe plus one. Awesome. Coat you.Our weapon to receive a plus two bonus to attack rolls. Lecture of Peerless Focus drink to gain advantage on concentration saves against being Charmed. Okay, perfect. That ax will be nice for Karlach. Now we have a plus one. Beautiful. And I am not in the habit of coding my weapons in any poison. I did it like on my first run of Early Access like three years ago, and then I just got lazy and stopped coding my weapons, and I just don't have it in my head to do it. So hopefully I can remember to use a few of these new ones like that oil of accuracy. That sounds pretty cool. So I clicked on Chatterheart. May the darkness protect you, sweet gal. Yet she's a worshiper of Char. I mean, all of my knowledge on Char and Forgotten Realms lore is she's not a very nice goddess. She's quite evil, and she wants her Shadow Magic to take over the weave of magic. Oh no, what? Oh, there's a goblin right here, a little Scout Goblin. Come here, buddy. I'm gonna do a regular crossbow shot. Let's see how far I can get. You know what, let's um... Oh, I didn't cast my spells yet. Never mind. Oh, God. I bet you my Ranger... Well, look at how far my Ranger can go, and this is without long Strider active right now. It's crazy. Swift as my feet can carry me. It's gonna be some really cool builds that you can do around certain items in the game. I'm not going to use any spell slots on this guy. Actually, you know what would be really funny? But we sent him for a little swim. Not sure if this goblin's the lazy river type of goblin, but he's about to experience it. You gotta be kidding me. I have 17 strength. Are you serious? All right, I'm missing so much. It's crazy. I mean, I know that I have low ground right now, but you'd think that, you know, 150 percent attack roll would land, you know, 50% of the time, right? Get the hell out of here. Oh, oh my God. He's definitely taking a nap on the river. That's for sure. I like that little song that Larian Studios gave me right there when I pushed the goblin. All right, let's check over here. When I do my live stream playthrough, I'm probably going to be walking every single inch of this map. Never know when you're gonna get a perception check. What now? See what's up here. And my heavy armor is just been glitching out the whole time. We'll run around. Mike, I still have purple underwear on. Oh my gosh. Oh, I could take them off, but I'm not sure if I have the nudity filter enabled right now or not. That would get me age restricted real fast. So anyway, got a hand ax here. The arrow of Dragon Slain deals double. Are you kidding me right now? You know how excited that makes me to find an item like this? But we're definitely gonna be fighting a dragon at some point. Double damage to dragons. Super cool. That one's not in Early Access. Come on down. Oh my God. A little late, Shadow. A little late, my friend. Okay, pop a little short rest off of that. Oh, I barely just got it. When you guys see the dice suddenly stop like that, you can kind of like fast forward the roll a little bit. The glowing Shield of Loving Protection. Once per short rest, if you're below 50 hit points and take damage, you gain eight temporary hit points. Nice. I will actually equip that. Or do I want saving throw plus one? Hmm, we could see what that looks like. That's pretty cool. We'll give that a try for a little bit. And Gale can also absorb this magic power. Okay, yeah. All right, all right. What now? No time to rest. Thank you. Never a dull moment. Looks like the booze. Can I pick up a shovel yet? I'm not sure. You gotta be kidding me. I still don't have a shovel. I don't know what I did to my shovel that one time. Where's the red Prince? Where's the lizard when you need one? I bet you there's a shovel sitting around here somewhere. You have to buy a shovel. Maybe I sold the shovel by accident. The hell are these? These goblins and hobgoblins. They are bugbears. Are you kidding me? The heck? Crush a boat like a drunken ogre. Rip your tongue, break your legs, make you quiet. As the symbol glows, power courses through you. Authority, barbarian intimidation. Sleep or die, your choice. You are strong. That's pretty jacked. But if you wake me again, I will kill you. What did you just say to me? Oh my gosh, my head hurts bad. You crush about like a drunken ogre. Oh, rip your tongue, break your legs, make you quiet. As the thimble glows, power courses through you. Yale was following authority parallax. If he goes back to sleep, another one of my companions is gonna jump down. Sleep is for the weak. I could have killed you where you lay. Oh, okay, looks like we're getting into combat now. Much talking, too much noise. You die now. Ah, crap. Okay, all right, not really in a good positioning for him. Might be using spell slots on this one. Too heavy to shove. It hurts. Combat's been pretty smooth so far. Foreign. My animal companion, classic. Come here, buddy. Weapon infusion, your weapon deals an additional 1d6 force damage. Guy just won't leave me alone. Where's burning hands when you need it? All right, Shadow. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Nice. Succeed letter concentration check. You know, I should have just missed these stepped away in the beginning. Unbelievable. I missed that with advantage. Good. We'll save my spell slots. I'm gonna save it and just do a regular crossbow shot. I didn't even see that guy. I've got it. Oh, welcome rest. I go. Okay. I was hoping to not wake them up, but things don't always go as planned, right? Oh, there's one more Goblin right here. Hold on, hold on. Let me call in my spider. This should be quick. Oh, wow. They got into combat. My spider's still fine though. How you doing, buddy? That is terrifying. Awesome. He's got one HP. Beautiful. Okay, now get out of here. We need something that looks a little bit better. A short rest. You gotta be kidding me. I think I'm really bad at this animal companion thing. Send that to Camp. Ritual staff. We'll take that. Lots of good scrolls here. Yeah, we got a chest over there. I wonder if my character can make that jump. That's a pretty far jump, but I might be able to do it. I always go around. I can. Beautiful. Always good to have a high strength character in your group. But actually, now that I'm over here, I'm not sure exactly where I'm going. What is that sound? You're like an eagle around here or something. Where's Lae'zel? Their jump spell. All right, you know what? I guess I'll have one with the weave. I didn't even notice you can jump on that. Oh, come on. Come on. Screw up. I applaud your taste. Oh, great. Oh, actually, you know what? It's actually quite nice. To have. Put it on my Ranger for now. Until you get extra attack, if you can use a heavy crossbow, it's better than the bows. Heavy crossbows 1d10 damage, while the longbow is 1d8. Now we're in a bit of a pickle. Is there no ladder around here? What is that sound like vultures or hawks or something? You know what? Do I go for it? Minus 8 HP. I think how much do I have? Oh my gosh, yeah, I can survive that. Let's try it. Nice jump, Gale. Not too shabby. Gosh, the visuals in this game are so fantastic. And the ambience, the sound effects, the flies, the birds. A dragon egg mushroom right here. Okay, let's check this out. Look at that heavy crossbow. That whole body holding together. A cracked wall. Before we mess with that, this wall is sturdy. So what does that mean? This material is rather strong. Only a hit that deals at least 10 damage can damage it. Okay. Is this wall vulnerable to bludgeoning damage? That butt, there's still a bug right now. Force resistance. Force damage against this entity is doubled. So it should save force vulnerability. I hope they have that fixed on 1.0 because that is going to confuse some new players. Swift is my feet. Immune to slashing damage. Yeah, I can't deal 10 damage with this mace. Okay, which way to the nearest? What? That wasn't 10 damage. Maybe each missile. Okay, hold on, hold on. We're gonna have to take a long rest. But actually, this is probably a good stopping point because this episode is probably over two hours now and we haven't actually gone inside the goblin camp yet, inside the temple of Saluna. So this will be a good stopping point and then we will start episode seven very, very soon. So thank you all so much for watching. I'll catch you on the next one.