All right, welcome back! Let's jump right into episode three. I'm having such a good time so far. I didn't get much sleep last night, but I don't even care. I just want to keep playing. So, in episode two, we met Wyll, who claims that he's the Blade of Frontiers. And we also started venturing into the Druids Grove here. Our main task right now is to find a cure. One of the ways we are going to potentially do that is to try to find one of the healers of the Grove named Neddy. The Grove's main healer, the Grove's leader named Halsin, is currently missing. We're going to talk to Nettie and see what that's all about. Also, last night, Asterion tried biting her neck, so we learned that Asterion is a vampire. But I did spare him, barely. But he is still alive. Though I used the lifted powers on him and found out that his vampirism doesn't seem to be by choice. So I showed a little bit of sympathy. And then also, we have to save Arabella. So the Tieflings in the Grove right now are refugees, and the Druids are starting to do some ritual that will push them out of the Grove and then leave them to fend for themselves on the road to Baldur's Gate. And it's infested with goblins at the moment. So we found Arabella in the Druid's Lair. She's being judged by Kagha, leader of the Druids, and is clearly in trouble. Then we also have our personal quest to explore the powers your parasite gives you. We use the power of our parasite to exert an influence beyond ourselves. How far does this power go? I don't know exactly what that means, but we'll keep an eye on that quest. [Music] I think I'm gonna switch. We're gonna take off Beast's Helm here. I'm gonna put the leather helmet on and then hide. The leather helmet's ugly, but we get that plus one to dexterity saving throws. And actually, I should also give the scroll of Feather Fall to Gale. Feather Fall is not around. That one's definitely worth learning. I'll spend the 50 gold. You know, honestly, I should have held off on choosing Necromancy Wizard until we reach level six. That I should have respected Necromancy. But that's okay, not a big deal. Okay, now we have Feather Fall, which is awesome for utility use. Action. I think I also want to quickly try out this spell that Shadowheart and Gale have, and it's called Warding Bond. It gives pain resistance to damage and a plus one to their Armor class and saving throws. And it lasts until a long rest, and it doesn't require concentration. So let me cast that on my Ranger here. Exactly. Awesome. At least things have stayed interesting. And yeah, that just made us more tanky. And on top of that, I also have the gloves here that can reduce the damage of incoming missiles as a reaction. So a lot of cool spells and items in this game so far. We're just scratching the surface right now. There's our buddy Aaron, the trader. And actually, before I go figure out the Arabella and Nettie thing, let me take a left right here. I'm not going to do all the content. I will be intentionally skipping a few things just for time, as I mentioned last episode. But there is a character that we're searching for named Zorru. A deep gnome named Zorru has seen other Githyanki. We should find him and ask him what he knows. So Lae'zel wants to talk to Zorru. Let's see if we can find Zorru over here somewhere. Get Lae'zel. They have a two-handed weapon. That's okay. We'll just... She looks pretty badass right now. I'll wait until I come across one. I don't really have the gold to buy one right now. Let's take a look at our map here. We have a rat right here. I guess I'll quickly talk to the rat. True. Where'd the rat go? Here he comes. I'm gonna enter into turn-based mode. Makes it easier to actually be able to click on some of these critters. Or else what? Oh, look, he's got a little bit of arcane magic on him. Let me take a look. I am a ranger of the woodlands. I respect rats. It's the front one. Were you trying to eat it? Maybe. Think it would bite me back? Way. You're big. You can get rid of the evil thing. Follow me, but be ready for anything. Okay, still alive. I guess we're following the rat right now. And he went inside this little building right here, which is currently locked. We have a chief named Pandora. Okay, I keep saying Tiefling. And you know what? Some of you guys are wondering why I keep saying that. See if this druid named Zorru is right around here. I thought he was around here somewhere. Aramas. Not exactly sure where he is. Let's see if we can get inside this place without having the entire camp attack us. So my character has really high strength, so I can jump a lot of different places. I wonder who else is gonna be able to follow me. Anybody? A good Misty Step up there. Oh, there we go. I got Lae'zel with me. Okay, all right. This should be interesting. All right, let's study her face and try to read her emotions. Awesome. You note her grimace of pain. Something is wrong with her legs. Damn it, dope. Don't look at me like that. You can stay. Just keep your hands to yourself, all right? You need a hand up? I just fall back down. Legs are as steady as our falls. Bloody potion. It might have been Nightshade, maybe Hemlock poison. Basically, what? No, the potion worked. I'm strong as a bugbear and fearless. The old lady warned me that this might happen, that it was a side effect. Hmm, sounds like you've been duped. I need a moment. Her eyes. You're not feeling the best, but I'm sure it'll pass. Yeah, the rat's right here. Paralyzed. You know, honestly, I wonder if I can cure that with Lesser Restoration. Let me take a look here. If you're a creature from disease, poison, paralysis, or blindness. So let's go ahead and unprepared Inflict Wounds. Let me prepare that. See if I can get Shadowheart in there. And actually, instead of going through the front door, I don't have Minor Illusion right now. In risking the guards watching me, let's see if we can get in a different way. You notice there's a back path over here. So let me take Shadowheart and Gale. Let's see if we can go around the backside. And your birdie. You ain't gonna shoot me. Your hands are shaking. Put it down. Can't fight back. That's the point. Get out of the way. She didn't kill your brother, Arca. You're better than this. Shoot before you lose your nerve, Tiefling. If you ever had it to begin with. Oh, that would be tempting to shoot, not gonna lie. Shut up, Goblin. Those words could be your last. I think I'm speaking for Shadowheart right now. I should change my voice. Gotta sound like Jennifer English. All right, we're just gonna watch what happens. This really isn't my business, and this Goblin seems quite annoying. So here it comes. Little... Oh, wow, headshot. Okay, all right, fair enough. But we appear to be in the prisons right now, in the jail. Might as well take some gold out of it, right? I'm assuming those are the chests that store your gear if you end up committing a crime in the Grove. That's curious. Ah, that's not where we're looking to go, but it is marked on our map, so we'll have to come back. What's next? Foreign. Those things are dangerous, especially when you're on a cliffside. We'll let that other mushroom live. Let's get... Okay, let's see if this works. In D, there's a spell for almost anything. I'm gonna quick save just in case we encounter any bugs. Let's try Lesser Restoration. Actually, let me talk to her with Shadowheart first. If this isn't the most boring post in the Grove, I don't know what is. We do have to figure out what she's guarding. My legs. I can stand again. Did you do that? Thank you. Look, you're not really supposed to be here, but I'll turn a blind eye. Just don't touch anything, all right? Hmm, I don't know. This rat's looking like he wants to show me something evil. I don't know what you're guarding and who you're guarding it for. So we gotta get inside this chest. Let's take Gale because I think he has the highest dexterity in my party. Dim the lights in here. I really need Minor Illusion. And just in case, let's go ahead and use Blessing of the Trickster, give Gale advantage on stealth checks. And let me see if I can sneak into this corner right here. Perfect. Oh, for communal use, it seems. Show some respect or some more cunning. Oh no, the guard's in here too. Oh, you gotta be kidding me, dude. I wonder if I could put her to sleep. That would be... That would be hostile, though. That would put me in combat. But I could put her to sleep and then walk away. Okay, hold on. Oh, I forgot about Invoke Duplicity. Didn't seem to work right here, though. All right, let's try this again. Tells everyone subscribes to what is mine is yours. Okay, hold on. I got an idea. While we're in dialogue, let me switch to Gale. Nope, every time I open the chest, she's not happy about that. Okay, you leave me no choice. Oh, this is gonna be risky. Oh no. Oh no, I have to... I did it, though. I did it. I have to... I have to... I chose to use a hostile spell on a Tiefling. I can't save scum it. It is what it is. I learned my lesson, though. What I can do, though, is what I'll try to do here is we're going to use non-lethal attacks. Okay? And I have it on all my characters right now. And this actually may work out in my favor. So the thing is with non-lethal attacks, must be unarmed or using a melee weapon. Okay? So you can't use range. So let's just go up here and just do a regular attack on this guy. A little bit nervous about this door. Oh, look at this. That's updated from... Wow, that's updated from Early Access. The Invoke Duplicity. All right, Mr. Gale, I'm gonna need you to... All you got is a bonus action, so let's just have you move over here. I don't want you to take an opportunity attack, though. Knight to King 5. All right, and non-lethal attacks are on. Nice. Little dual wielding. Put my Ranger up here. Make sure I have non-lethal on. I do. Where's my animal companion? Oh, wow. No, are you kidding me? Oh my gosh. This is...It's unbelievable. This is a major problem. Wow, oh my gosh, wow, okay. Pizza.  I fools these mortals be. I don't want to get in Lae'zel's way so. Muhammad he has nine HP right now. I don't want to accidentally kill him. I'm just gonna skip Gale's turn, see if we can get out of this pickle. Okay, knocked him out, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice. We'll blame this on Gale. We'll say the rest of my party didn't want to use the Sleep spell but Gale did. Alright, so we might as well start off with a Magic Missile and then we'll go to the non-lethal attacks. Flourish. Man, my Ranger's missing everything. A lot of misses right now. Okay, let me close this door. Things did not go as planned. So let's go ahead and loot this chest now. Alright, we have a cabinet key, gold, alright, a gem, cabinet key. Oh, it's a soul coin book. The Drow poison coat your active weapon with poison. Targets must succeed a Constitution Saving Throw or become Poisoned and fall Asleep. Okay, really powerful poison right there. I've got a long road ahead. The evil thing's gone. Now where was I? Okay, alright, now the interesting thing is, is the entire Grove going to be hostile to me? My wolf companion is still alive. It's okay, the wolf can die because we can just summon it back. So let's try to get this over as fast as I can. Oh man, all the Tieflings. Come on, hurry up. There we go, alright. Alright, we got to get the hell out of here, man. We gotta get the hell out of here. I guess I might as well loot here, right? Druid's Ledger. Okay, let me go ahead and F5. Balzoru was actually the guy that we needed to talk to for Lae'zel's Quest. Don't exactly know how that's gonna play out now. You know what, Lae'zel is going to loot this guy. She doesn't like him. Storage key. Oh, this guy had the key to get into the shed here. So we could have started off by pickpocketing him. Hit Asterion back in my group. Alright, we'll just leave it. Okay, um, yeah, I'm a little bit nervous right now. Everybody out, let's close the door. Hopefully nobody checks that shed anytime soon. And I'm gonna kind of, I'm gonna try to just sneak. You know what, I'm just in case. I'm gonna shift C, we're gonna stealth. It looks like these Tieflings are not hostile towards me though. So nobody knows what happens. So I like that Larian has that mechanic because it did happen in secrecy. Not sure why the wolf scene went off. The wolf scene probably went off because the wolf was tied to my party. And just in case, I'm just gonna stealth through this area right here. Nope, that doesn't matter. Okay, they're showing yellow, so it doesn't matter. But let's push on. Okay, nice beautiful waterfall right here. And you know what, I'm not even going to talk to the Tiefling kids right now. We need to push on. We need, I'm a little bit nervous about what just happened, but you know what, it was fun. We're gonna turn off non-lethals. Alright, and we're back. The Grove. Volo is gone. He went to the goblin camp. And let's see if we can go talk to Kagha and Eddy. Story. I'm sorry, I wish to live in more interesting times. Please, I'm sorry. This is madness. Kagha, she's just a... What? Wrath? A thief? A poison threat? I will imprison the devil. And I will cast out every stranger. What's this girl's actual crime? Go. You mean... Parents are water, then steals our most holy idol. In thanks, Wrath. Lock her up. She remains here until the rite is complete. And keep still. Tila is restless. Come, Kagha. We took back the idol. Surely, do it. Nothing not right about this Kagha lady. Let's go ahead and read Kagha's mind. Do I still have that potion active? I am first Druid now. I will take control and prove my authority. A little bit too excited there to get power. Don't Druids cherish harmony? Jaylee and the girl disrupts nature's balance. Thank you. The devil sowed chaos. She remains until the rite is complete. Snakes hiss of approval reveals its intentions. Should the child struggle, it is poised to strike. Imprisoning or empowers the refugees. Are you willing to risk insurrection? I think that's my first 20. It is as you say. Tila to me. Out, thief. My grace has its limits. It hurts. The hell? Thank you, Kagha. Master Halsin isn't here. Keep his name off your tongue lest Tila pierce it. Okay, what was that with Shadowheart? We managed to save Arabella, who immediately ran to her parents. So after returning to those Tieflings, let me first have a chat with... As more venom in our heart than a... But at least a child is safe. What is youth if not a time to be forgiven for one's transgressions. Sounds like you have something to confess, Gale. Ha! Then you don't. You're holy without vice or sin or the occasional lapse in judgment. No, you don't strike me as quite that boring. Nice. Okay, I know that look. You're wondering why I was in pain before. Let's just clear the air about that now. It's just an old wound that hurts me from time to time. Nothing to be concerned about. It's nothing to do with the tadpoles. At least, in case your imagination is in danger of getting away from you. It's just something I have to live with. And how badly does it hurt, Shadowheart? Quite a lot, if I'm being honest. But it always passes quickly, so I can manage. Are you sure it's not connected to the tadpoles? Positive. You can trust me on that. Action, not Reaction. Okay, I thought I took that potion a long time ago. I wonder if the game's bugged a little bit and I have it at all times right now. It says last until long rest, so if it doesn't go away on the next long rest, I'll just end my concentration on it. Interesting. I don't remember where I thought I drank a potion for that. Yeah, if it's bugged out, then I'll end it myself. I don't want to cheese the game. We got a lot of animals in here that we're gonna talk to before we talk to Kagha here. Another stranger come to fix me. What will you do? Hunt me? Grab my tail? Shout until my head hurts? Hmm. No one's here to hurt you. Stupid or a liar. Neither is needed here. Go. Hey, sounds like he's been abused quite a lot. Doesn't respond. It simply bears it. The rat watches your movements but does not speak. The rat doesn't respond. You did well to speak up for the girl. That snake is fickle. A tragedy prevented. That Kagha seems dangerous. Well seen, well spotted. We've let a snake replace our leader. Hmm. Kagha seems happy to rule the roost. Who's your real leader? Master Halsin. Perhaps Goblin called. Perhaps dead. Mistress Kagha back in line. Hold her at the task. Stop this damn ritual. More will die if the rite is finished. So many more sent into a world gone mad. I'm looking for Nettie. Ah, I see. You will find her deeper in the caves. Okay. I don't know if I'm willing to just automatically work for these guys right now. So we're not going to say that we'll go looking for Halsin. I doubt it is what Silvanus wants. Silvanus is the Oakfather, one of the ancient gods of nature in the forest. Okay. Okay, alright. Let's have a little chat with Kagha here. And look at the art. Incredible. Have the right to defend our home. So that's what you want. And we will break all this down in future videos and then live streams. Really get into everything that we can see here. Hold on. Say it. You think I'm a monster? Only a monster would threaten a child. Yeah. Yes, defending her brood. I call her mother. You call her monster. No matter. I took back the idol of Silvanus and the righteous resumed. We will seal the Grove free from harm, free of intruders. Zevlor believes his people will perish on the road and mine perish if he stays. You showed great mettle at the gate. The mettle of a skilled sword for hire. I want you to provide your services to Zevlor. Offered to guide the Outlanders out of the Grove. I'm sure they'll reward you well. They're to be gone before final prayer. If they are not, the Viper must strike. Yeah, I'm definitely not doing anything for Kagha. Wouldn't be smart to attack right now. I mean, she's the leader of the Grove. Temporary leader of the Grove. Alright, we're just gonna say this to end this conversation. The refugees aren't my concern. Know the sting of my venom. Get out. We have no more business. I don't like you, Kagha. I don't like you one bit. Something finicky going on here. Something's not right. We just saw blood too. I was seized the battle done. The moonrise broke the darkest one. History, Ole Miss. Whatever is depicted here is long past. Man, we failed the religion check. Let's see if we can do it with Gale. Towers seized the battle done. The moonrise broke the darkest one. Recognize the mark of the dark goddess Shar on the broken helmet. This army marched in her name. So many dead, sent to the night singers embrace. Be of reference to Shar's divine sister, Saluna. Interesting, yes. If we can see what's on the plaque over here. And tooth from root to thorn, the old oaks grove to wildlings sworn. The mural shows druids claiming the Grove in the name of the old oak Silvanus, god of nature. Escape without consequence. We might as well have lain on the ground so much lore in the Forgotten Realms. The servant's quarters. Let's do some poking and prodding around here. Since I no longer trust Kagha, I should do a quick save in case we bug out. I like to wrath a lot though. And here we go. There's a chest hidden behind the bookshelf here. Grove artifacts. Hey, let's go investigate that. You know what? I think I want to bring my entire party up here. And we're gonna have Gale open it up. Come on up, folks. Good. Wow. Gonna be a great day. Baldur's Canticle, the Shadow Druid's Doctrine. Half-torn note. The marks crisscrossing the page don't look scribed so much as slashed. Kagha, swamp docks, tree, meet me. Loan bulletin. The book's spine is limber from overuse. The corner of one's page is full folds inwards. Balance is a myth. Where any clan treads, nature struggles. Unity is a fiction. Men of mere flesh seek only.To tame beast and raise Flora, we are the Thunder, we are the rain, we shatter mankind and grow new life in its place. [Music] As a Ranger who spent a lot of time with good druid factions, this is not what I like to read and awfully feels like I might be in the midst of a shadow druid. We also got an Inspiration Point from that, discover and read Feldorn's Canticle. Melbourne's actually from the original Baldur's Gate game and is a shadow Druid. My character is taking this quite personal right now. All right, Takago wants us to make the Tiefling leave. We found a note involving Kagha. Something is going on in the Grove, we should get to the bottom of it. We found a note addressed to Kagha that mentioned a meeting in the swamp. What is she up to? The Druid Wrath told us that the first Druid Halsin might be the only one capable of stopping Kagha from finishing the ritual. Alright, so we have an update with Shar's Quest 2 or Shadowheart Quest. We spoke to Shadowheart about the pain that our mysterious wound inflicted on her. She pleaded ignorance but she may be withholding something. As Asterion is a vampire, okay we already know that. Okay, it's time to go see what's up with Kagha right now. Father, can I go? I've got a long road ahead. But actually before I do that, hmm, what if they tried to steal from us? The game, never mind, let's confront her right now. We gotta figure this out. Let me talk to Wrath first, maybe I can tell him something about what I just found. In turns, my eyes must stay on Kagha. Away, I have no more need of you. Okay, so can't do anything at the moment but we did just pick that up, that little torn letter that says,  Where'd it go? Who do I pick it up with? Here it is. Kagha, swamp, docks, tree, meet me alone. From Oladin. Let's go ahead and I'm definitely going to investigate that. There's something going on here at the Grove and if there's Shadow Druids around, they must die to keep going. [Music] But while we're here, instead of going to the swamps right now, let's go talk to Nettie who hopefully can help us with our parasite problem. I see you, just give me a moment. There, it's up to Hurna, life for death. Now, what was it you needed? A healing? It looks like I came to the right person. I do what I can for most folks, that's enough. Come here, let's have a look at you. Seem healthy enough, a bit tired around the eyes maybe. Yes, I'm very tired indeed. Then get some rest, there's no better magic. If you need to, come back to me if that doesn't do it. Hmm, okay. Let's talk to her again. Not satisfied with that and feeling any better? Come here, let's have a look at you. All right, I'm gonna tell her, tired around the eyes maybe. Something crawled into my eye, Nettie. Crawled in, it's nightmare, all slime, teeth and tentacles. Can you help me? Oh yeah, I'll do what I can. Come follow me, I might be able to help. Even though I have of course done this in Early Access, I'm trying to playlist Through The Eyes of my character who of course has no idea what the different permutations are or who any of these characters are. People can have a chat with a bird though, please. I'm resting, something took a chunk of you. What happened? The bird says nothing, trying to rest. Well, you can prod the bird's wing. Definitely not gonna do that. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you. The bird says nothing, only the sound of its labored breath fills the silence. Okay, as well that ends not as bad as it could have. You know, after finding those letters with Kagha, I'm definitely awfully suspicious about Nettie too. Shouldn't have wished to live in more interesting times. This one had the same problem as you, attacked us in the woods together with some goblins. Tadpole crawled out of his head soon after. The drow and I have the same kind of parasite, seems so. Cavemaster Halsin had a right start. That didn't look right. It's why he joined the adventurers on their expedition, to find out what was happening. I pity you got me instead of him. He understands these things, studied them. Still, we have options. All right, let's see what we can do. Now, what's that plant? Will it help? It might, but first things first, tell me about your symptoms. Have you noticed anything strange happening? Looking closer, you realize you've seen this thorn in the Wilds. Calumvor's Kiss, a briar from the Dalelands and a deadly poison. I wonder if I got that dialogue because I'm a ranger. Put the briar down and we'll talk. I want to help you, but I can't unless you work with me. So, has anything unusual happened to you? Hmm, I'm sorry, I don't trust you. I'm leaving. She's with it. Don't be a fool, I'd kill you before you could blink. Oh, we can do Sharm Person too. Might turn her hostile to us though. Let's do it anyways. Didn't need it. I'm sorry, but I can't let you go. If you transform out there, you'll kill everyone in the Grove, everyone for leagues around. Okay, let's go ahead and do another intimidation check here. I am a strong wood elf, you can't hit me, let alone kill me. Don't make me put you down. Awesome, you're right. I'm no use to the others dead. Master Halsin did say the drow's tadpole was dormant. Maybe yours is too. I just want to find a cure. All right, but on one condition. This is a vial of wyvern poison. Swear to me you'll swallow it if you feel any symptoms. All right, hand it over. Swear it. Yeah, I swear, Nettie. Sure, I hope it doesn't come to that, but thank you. Here, you know I've spent my life treating folk and never once saw a mind flayer infection. Then suddenly there's dozens of you, maybe more. Master Halsin and I were tracking them, studying, trying to figure out what the hell was going on. Because you should all be changing, there should be a small army of mind flayers out there. But you're not. Weird powers aside, you seem perfectly normal. You must have learned something from studying them. For one thing, in your head is like nothing we've ever seen from mind flayers. It's one of their worms for sure, but this one gives you powers, telepathic connections, and it doesn't turn you into one of them. Not yet, anyhow. You said that you're tracking other victims. Did they change? Hard to say. Looks like they have been converging on an old temple of Selune, and I've no idea why. When Master Halsin heard the adventurers were heading that way, he saw a chance to get answers, joined on the spot. Whatever he found there, he didn't make it back. Hmm, okay. So now we have a reason to actually search for Halsin outside of just simply helping them. Kind of lines up with what we're trying to figure out as well. You think he's still alive? I think so. You're one of them, technically speaking. I mean, they won't kill someone carrying their parasite. If you can find Halsin and get him out of there, we can discover what he learned, and perhaps he can save your life. How's that sound? All right, I'll find Halsin. All I can say for sure is they all went to the old temple of Selune, and Master Halsin didn't make it back. Good luck out there, and if things start to go bad, remember the vial, remember your oath. Okay, even though she tried to kill me, I think she probably has good intentions. Might just be going about it the wrong way, so... Then... I love that her own character has banter with the party now. Okay, so... Halsin's research suggests that the parasite is connected to a goblin camp located in Old Temple of Selune. He was researching the parasite. He might be one of the few people who understand our condition. Nettie couldn't help us. Instead, she tried to poison us with deadly venom, hoping to kill us before we turned into mind flayers. Alright, the adventurers were with Halsin when he disappeared. They might know what happened to him. Alright, let's search around this place a little bit more before we head out. Maybe try to find the swamps. As my character can't get the shadow druids off of his mind right now. There's something in that vessel. Take a closer look. Okay, so I'm gonna try something now. This will be a first use of Speak with the Dead. We'll use it on this dissected drow. Investigate a little bit further. The corpse regards you lifelessly. What happened to you? Scouting. And who killed you? How many drow are out there? In Philcam. So that must be the M in the letter. And where did you get your tadpole? The corpse remains silent. It doesn't understand the question. Where did you start following the Absolute? Initiation. The spell's power wanes. You can ask no more questions. Moonrise Towers. We had an Inspiration Point from that as well. This is Halsin's journal. Extraordinary happenings. While meditating in the forest, Nettie and I were ambushed by a pack of goblins led by a drow. We had no choice but to defend ourselves. That is not the extraordinary, or rather disturbing part. On the drow's death, the parasitic creature emerged from the corpse and attempted to escape. I managed to capture it and have the host cadaver here in my study. I've told no one of my fears that he suspects, but knows better than to ask. I'll investigate further before informing the others. Kagha will demand answers I don't have yet. I had better record any further findings in a separate volume, keep them upon my person, lest prying eyes jump to the wrong conclusions. Hmm, okay. Mindflayer parasite specimen, hanging suspended in murky slime. The living tadpole looks like some hideous cousin to the slug, only gorged and slick with remnants of brain fluid. Oh my gosh, we can consume it. We can consume it. Okay, we're gonna hang on to that. I don't think any sane person would consume that, especially when we don't understand what's going on yet with the tadpoles. So we're just gonna hang on to it and perhaps later on in our adventures, if I can find out that it's somewhat safe, whatever sacrifice it comes with, step by step, is not enough.To stop me from the potential power that it will give me. Okay, we have some Rune sockets here in the library. Okay, I think we're pretty much good here right now. Shouldn't have wished to live in more interesting times. I'm very, very tempted to try to pickpocket Nettie. I wonder if I should get Asterion in my group real fast. Might call him in just for that because Nettie has something on her person and I already just don't trust what's going on at the Grove right now. Something's not right, especially after reading that letter. All right, this could go really, really bad. But once again, we have Gale over here doing some risky actions. Such a long way down. Come on, there is work to do. Now if this bugs out, we will be restarting. If it doesn't, I guess I will just deal with the consequences. Apologetic already. Okay, so she's got Elixir of Silvanus on her, neutralize the effects of all poisons. Elixir of Fire Resistance, Camp Supply Pack. Okay, so there's nothing. I don't think there's anything worth actually stealing here. So it's not worth it doing the check. I'm just gonna back off. Man, I love that we have the full game now because I'm just so much more serious with the actions that I take, especially since I'm playing with the philosophy of not save scumming. I have to really, really think about every action that I take on this playthrough. If I'm gonna try something risky, I have to deal with the consequences. All right, so let's head out of the Grove. We like Wrath. Something definitely going wrong with Kagha. We're child. Let's go see if we can talk to the parents of Arabella. See if they have anything to say. You ever scare me like that again and I'll feed you to a null, mom. Fine, stop it. Our little Hellion told us what happened. Thank you. Don't know what we'd do without her. This could have ended badly. Keep her in line from now on. The Nine Hells will sooner freeze over, but we'll try. Arabella is safe. Her parents are grateful for our intervention and we received Kamira's locket, which gives us a Dancing Lights cantrip. Cool. I know Gale doesn't have dark vision. That could be useful. I don't know if Githyankis have dark vision. Okay, so let's go ahead and I'm gonna put that on. Which way to the nearest library? We'll put it on Shadowheart. Now we have Dancing Lights. You know what? I'll just show you all what it looks like. It just lights up the room, makes it easier to hit enemies in darker conditions. All right, so I wonder what that Zorro guy is up to now. I wonder if they're still knocked unconscious over there. I'm a little bit nervous to go near the Tiefling part right now. Let's go investigate this other part of the Grove over here on the east side. And then we're gonna head out in search of that swamp letter because my character really, really just needs to know more about that, especially as someone who's hunting Shadow Druids. Hmm, still breathing despite everything. Turns upon the stars tonight. Smile and pain or fade away. Words of mine will change no. Come. What's that tune that you're singing? More like butchering. I don't know why I bother. You all right? No, I'm moments away from a grisly death. Let me see if I can help. Can't hurt. I have hurt. I have an extra loot if you want. In IRL, I was a musician for a while, so I guess I'm RPing this correctly. Okay, so first things first, what's the song about? My teacher, Lihala. She loved dancing. The two left feet mind. I remember waking up one night on the road and seeing her dancing beneath the stars, a huge smile on her face. Thinking of it now, my heart hurts. Oh my gods, just seemed to crumble like ash. Wait, words of mine will... Ash, that's perfect. Okay, keep going. What would you say to your teacher if she were here right now? That, that it's okay. That'll be okay. And thank you for everything. All right, well that's what your lyrics need to say. All the love I can't repay. Wait, laughs. Upon the stars tonight, fade away. Words of mine was hard to wash when you called the last lights down. Who reminds me? If I can't replay. Oh, the love. Who's playing the background instruments? Lae'zel's smiling. Anyone who gets Lae'zel to smile is a friend of mine. Bravo, bravo. Shut the hell up. We got other things to do. Foreign. Makes you want to help the Tieflings though. Still going, oh God. Lady, listen up. I'd appreciate it if I didn't ask for a three-hour performance. Sorry, but don't worry. Actually, that song was beautiful. It's worthy of a few tears. Thanks. That's the first time I've played since Lihala died. Playing her loot. Didn't hear the news coming. There was so much blood. Still smell. Sure, your teacher would be proud to see you now. Finish the Weeping Dawn for her. I have a long way to go, but thank you. I needed this. Okay, she's lucky I don't pull out a Thunder Wave right now. But you know what? There will be a time and place for that. It was a beautiful song. I'll give her that. But she tested my patience. Yeah, we gotta get out of this area. The Cap of Curing. When you inspire an ally using Bardic Inspiration, they also regain 1d6 hit points. So that is a Bard-specific hat right there. I wonder if I should put it on anybody right now. We're gonna put it on Shadowheart. Not gonna do anything except be a cosmetic, but whoa, Shadowheart looks awesome. Yeah, we gotta get the hell out of here, man. And I love the song. I don't love it that much, though. I keep thinking about Thunderwave. That's not part of this RP playthrough. So, but then again, Gale could do the Thunderwave. And I'm not, you know, RPing Gale. If Gale's angry and he wants to do something, I can't stop him, right? No, never mind. Is someone singing? It's beautiful. What a beautiful, beautiful area of the game. Oh, did I just drink that? I did. Okay, I meant to do it with a different character. I drank a Potion of Flying. Yeah, it was ripe with magic. What? Really? Oh, I know why. I used Jump instead of Fly. Oh my God. Giant nest. That's a classic. Let's see what we can find. Ring of Color Spray. Awesome. A note in here. I'm sorry. I'm gonna put that note in my bag. We have enough that we're concentrating on right now. I used Jump. That's so funny. Running out of time. Are we going to turn? Oh, I ran out of time. Should have went into turn-based mode for that. Okay, well, we're gonna leave Gale over here for now. One with the wings. Let's see if we can take a short rest. Running kind of low on spell slots here, but not too bad. Let's go ahead and use Arcane Recovery. And we're gonna sneak Gale around to investigate the singing over here. That way, I really would have preferred Lae'zel to be the one that's over here. Please, you shouldn't be standing in the water. It's dangerous. Don't you hear it? It's so peaceful. Yeah, this kid's messed up. I don't hear anything. Come back to the shore. I only want to listen. Just a little closer. Well, that's not good. Yeah, everything's gonna be fine once I get there. The harpy. Okay, several harpies. Looks like Gale is still hidden, which is perfect. Okay, he's not hidden anymore. What are you doing, Gale? What are you doing? Why am I doing this? Interesting. Can't control him, but I am not in combat with that character. All right, so here we go. Let's, um... Wow, Lae'zel took a ton of damage. So let's try to focus fire here. I hope he's got 24 HP. Don't have any level two spell slots. Let's start off with an Inflict Wounds. 3d10 necrotic could technically kill it in one round. I did 14 damage. And I wonder if I can do a little shove too. Damn it. All right, Lae'zel, I still gotta get Lae'zel a two-handed sword. I'm slacking with that. She also has Jump too. I gotta remember that I have that. Fight, let's go. Forgot to call in my animal companion, man. I did take a short rest over here though. I wonder why it's showing that I can't use it. What a strike right there. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, this is not going too good right now. Huh. Getting focus fired on Shadowheart too. All right, let's see here. Time to strike, Lae'zel. I'm gonna need you to actually, we're gonna use the Jump spell. And then I'm gonna jump all the way up here. I think these guys need help more than Yale does. Our Shadowheart needs more help. And then let's go ahead and see if we can finish this guy off. I'm tempted to cast Bless, but I feel like I'm gonna lose concentration being attacked by both of them. So we'll just do Inflict Wounds. Okay, perfect. And actually I can even move away. It looks like I'm not gonna take an opportunity attack. Beautiful. I do have Longstrider active. Looks like I can actually make it there. Nope, I can't. And then I'll use a throw a javelin. Nice. Oh yeah, I forgot that this harpy was the one that was concentrating on that song. I should have went after that harpy first. In the future, if you all are watching, make sure to try to break the concentration of the harpy that's actually singing the song. The kid is out of his trance now. Mercon looks like he's running away. All right, Mr. Harpy, I am going to ask that you... Let's see, could I kill it in one? 2d8 thunder. This would actually be kind of cool if I could knock the harpy towards my ranger. Awesome. Actually, I killed the harpy. And then we're gonna Misty Step over here. Nice little opportunity attack. And there we go, beautiful. Are they gone? Lae'zel's the...One talking. Go back to your parents, kid. There's worse in the Wilds than harpies. Now there's just Mole. She'll be so mad I didn't get the gold from the nest. I got to go. Wait, um, you should meet Mole. So be grateful you helped me find a boy called Donnie. Tell him you want to see the Dragon's Lair. Okay. Pick up my Javelin real fast. I'm out of short rust, so we definitely got to take a long rest right now. Looks like Gale has something to say too. Group everybody together. How purdy the water is, like the beach in DOS too. Not sure if that exclamation point will go away if I ignore it, so let me talk to him right now so I don't risk that. Scamp reminds me of myself when I was a Nipper, always getting it when I was a Nipper. You met a lot of harpies, did you now? Gale and worse. One time my parents denied me a kitten, so I summoned myself a dress. Him, dear old Tara, beautiful creature. Benefits of a Wizard's education, you see. Of course, my considerable Talent didn't hurt either. [Music] Well, that depends on who you ask, I suppose. I may have summoned things rather more exotic than a winged cat. Such as? There was that magma method once, nice fellain. We kept in touch, of course. In walked the housekeeper, screaming, yelling, panic, and before you know it, fire everywhere. Anyway, I'm glad we got that boy out of his predicament. Poor lad would have been happy for you if it wasn't for us. I find Gale's character quite entertaining. I know a lot of people get bad vibes from him, and who knows what his actual story is, but I enjoy my conversations with him. Looking at it, okay, let's salute the harpies. Let me call, I can't call my animal companion actually. It's been a long time since I played a ranger. Anything good over here? Isle of Bones. There's a few things that I gotta get into the habit of doing. And of course, I have to have my trusty wolf companion with me. Aren't you worried your kind will punish you for consorting with us? My name is Elk Chucky, and my kin will understand my need for servants. They will help you, but only if I ask. Ed, enough waiting. I crave blood. We're gonna get Lae'zel out of dual wielding here when I get back to the camp. Sure, I'll take them both. Why not? Yeah, that was a fun little side area. Can't wait for my evil run though. I mean, this could end up being evil. I'm starting this game basically neutral with a character who has a kind heart but has a troubled past and is also willing to do things for power, such as wipe out the shadow Druids. So my character is a complicated fellow. Even though I am going to do kind things and I generally treat people with respect, this playthrough could go either way depending on what happens. No one does. We have to look after ourselves. That's what Mole's is, that girl. Okay, here's Donnie. We're told to talk to Donnie, but I'm gonna go ahead and just go right over to the Trader down here. A little bit nervous to be around the Tieflings because of the Zorru thing. Are they still in here sleeping? They're still knocked unconscious. Okay, it would be really bad to get into combat right now. I kind of want him to wake up though because of the Lae'zel Quest, but that's okay. Things turned out the way they turned out. We might not be able to talk to Zorru. That just means other things are going to present themselves in the game. In a game like this, you don't have to worry too much about things not going as planned. Sufficing off those goblins. If you need to replace any gear, task my selection is pretty slim. I had to leave most of my criminal. Okay, I'm gonna organize my inventory a little bit and I'll do a quick cut. I'll see you guys in a second. Okay, I'm cleaned out and I'm going to go ahead and purchase this Shield right here. Plus two Armor class, but it gives you a plus one to your saving throws. And I'm gonna give that to Shadowheart. And then I'm also going to pick up this mall right here so I can have a 2d6 plus weapon for Lae'zel. Get her off of the dual wielding scimitars. And yeah, now we should be good. So let's go ahead and equip that. Noise, that's pretty badass. Depends how many people are dumb enough. I wouldn't mess with Lae'zel. True. It also has tenacity. When you miss an attack, you deal three bludgeoning damage. Anyway, nice. You're always dealing damage. And then we'll go ahead and give Shadowheart her slightly improved Shield. Plus one to saving throws is actually pretty significant for just a simple weapon upgrade. And yeah, in my character, I have taken off at least hats. The bicorn. And I put on the dexterity saving throw helm that I had before. We're gonna hold on to the gloves of power. I'm not sure if I want to end up using those types of items yet. Items that line up with the absolute. And let me just see if this guy sells. Looking for steel? I have. I'm looking for a trap disarm tool kits. I forgot about that. Doesn't look like he sells them. Okay, on our way out, I'll stop at the other Trader. I still haven't forgot about. Oh wait, here's the old. Let's talk to the old lady right here. Because the Tiefling inside of the shed right here, or the one that we had to knock unconscious, mentioned an old lady. Is the one that gave her that duped potion. So let's go over here and see what this is all about. Thank you. Saw you fighting those slimy bastards. Fancy a bowl? Best to fill your belly now while we still can. No thank you. The smell is more than enough. He knows of yours up. The only way we'll make it to Baldur's Gate is to run and run hard. If a gnoll catches your scent, you'll need every bit of strength. Trust me. Definitely don't trust her. We'll get to the city soon. I am not grumpy. Scale on your face. We'll be leaving soon. Make sure you stock up. Okay. We're exposed now. Alright, there's a few areas that I haven't explored here in the Grove, but that's fine. We're going to be coming back later. Such as in here. Actually, I think Zevlor might be in here. Let me go talk to Zevlor real fast. Yes, Zevlor is in here. Okay, I heard what happened. Thank you for protecting the child. If the Druids are this far gone, then it's not just goblins we have to fear. So we can risk violence here or face it for certain on the road. Quite the choice, isn't it? Can you delay the ritual? You saw what they were willing to do to a child just for trying. It's Kagha's influence. Without her twisting things, I believe the Druids might see sense. Why don't you get rid of her? A low sword, but I'd be lying if I said I hadn't considered it. But the Druids would slaughter us. We'd have to get close to Kagha within striking distance. I can't manage that. They've already let you pass once. I am not some murderer for hire, Zevlor. It doesn't sit well with me either, but to get these people to safety, there's nothing I won't do. You'd be well rewarded for the risk. But if that won't sway you, there's nothing more to discuss. Okay, definitely too risky, no sir. But if there's a clear path past those goblins, definitely going to cause quite a lot of violence in the Grove. But since we don't like Kagha and we're currently investigating her a little bit, if we can figure out what's in the swamp, that letter from Oladin, I will gladly come back and murder that elf. Can't wait to find some more cloaks. Such a nice addition to the game. Just see if he has any trap disarm tool kits real fast. Need anything else? Of course, but please remember, you're not the only one in need. We have thieves tools. Hey, there we go. Perfect. Okay, I'll grab three of those. Oh my god, did I screw that up? I did screw that up. You need anything else? Of course, but please remember, you're not the only one in need. Silvanus be with you. Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and skip the video. This seems like it's going to be... We're getting really close to a good stopping point for this episode. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut the video and I'm going to travel back to the ruins and we'll open up that sarcophagus. Okay, we have an engraved key and then the Watcher's Guide, Death's Promise. When the spear misses its target, the wielder's next attack roll against that target gains True Strike. True Strike gives advantage on the attack roll and the cantrip on its own isn't the greatest, but if you're getting it from a weapon, you don't really have to do anything. That could actually be kind of nice. We'll hang on to that spear and maybe find use for it later. I don't want to switch weapons though at the moment with any of my characters. And that'll be it for this episode. Thank you all so much for watching. We completed the first part of the Druid's Grove and we're gonna have to head out to investigate the swamp. That's the first thing that I want to do to try to figure out what that letter is to Kagha. So we'll do that in episode four. Thank you all so much for watching and I'll catch you on the next one.