Welcome back! It's finally time to go inside the Goblin Fortress. So last session, we ended up wiping out the goblins and bugbears on top of the fortress and also the ones in the beginning where Volo was being forced to sing. In episode 6, we had a vision of the Absolute speaking to us. The Absolute wants us to find a weapon for her, and if we do, we will be rewarded. We also had a mysterious dream where a figure called the Guardian visited us. The Guardian wants us to embrace our tadpole powers because it's the only way to save Faerun. Let's press on and go inside the Goblin Fortress to find Halsin and kill some goblins. Magic Touch [Music] Last session, I tried using Magic Missile on this wall, but it wasn't enough damage. Each missile isn't enough, so let's try using Shatter this time. Let's see if that will do it. My faith will guide me. Salutations [Music]. And that will do it, but it's going to cost me two level two spell slots. Oh man, I got a low roll on that one. There we go. It would have been really cool to try to break that wall down while the goblins were sleeping up here and using the Silent Spell, which I currently don't have. Alright, let's use Arcane Recovery. Oh, I could go for a good meal. Let's head on in. I'm ready. The Shattered Sanctum. Absolute voice. Do you feel her inside you? I only hear her. Soul gut. Phew. Open up. Looks like we have a man being tortured down there named Liam. What the hell? Can't catch a break. Not sure what I want to do here. If I want to go down and talk. It runs down your spine. Lady Char's twin and nemesis, the moon goddess Soluna, was once worshiped here. Yeah, this place clearly fell to ruins long before goblins infested it. What happened here? No matter, the truth will be revealed in time. You silently offer a prayer to Shar and her glory. None of you are worthy. How do we get closer to her? Do what us true souls do. Yeah, they're not hostile towards us right now. They don't know what happened on the outside. So let me go ahead and send down my main character, Karlach. I'm gonna leave Shadow and Gale up here on the top in case things go south. I have them hiding. So I think they just pushed somebody off into that spider pit down there. Where's Fern at? Come on, Fern. Don't be scared. Fern can't make it across. On girl. Back. There we go. Leapfrog. Fern can't use the ladder as well. That ends up Fern. This is gonna hurt. Fern might not survive this. Oh man, oh that's so sad. You know what, let's come here, Fern. I got you. There you go, girl. Okay, let's go see what these goblins are up to down here. Ah, true soul of gods. Touched you, hasn't she? Priestess Gut needs to touch you too. Hold out your arms so I can mark your flesh. Why should I let you brand me? Let the faithful recognize one another. Quick, show that way nobody will mess with you. And it's charged with magic. Ordinary slobs can't see it, only us that follow the Absolute. You ready? Brace yourself, this will sting. Actually, I'd rather not go through this. Maybe you don't need it after all. You're special, ain't you? Like me. She proves your mind, tangling your thoughts with hers. Familiar sensation. She too carries about darkness. Seems to swallow the temple, leaving you with a vision of the goblin priestess receiving instruction from a handsome young man, one of the chosen. Vision dissolves away. You stand before the goblin priestess in the temple once again. We're definitely pushing deeper. Her faith floods into you, a tide of shuddering ecstasy. A tadpole nestles within that mania, secure, hidden. I feel you in there, digging around. Works both ways, and I saw some weird shadows swimming around in your head just now. Maybe I could help with that. Us true souls gotta look out for one another. You think you could fix whatever is causing those shadows with the Absolute's private someone? This law interfering with true soul business? He wants us to follow her. I don't think I trust her. Poor lad. I could give you peace, you know. But no, you gotta keep silent, don't you? Where do they flee to? You're stubborn, right? Please stop. I hate to see your friend Liam come and join him if you like. As the symbol glows, power courses through you. Authority. Go have yourselves a drink. Your boss sent me to relieve you. Wow, I need a 20. The grown anything like you. I'll believe that when I see it. Leave both of you. The last time I used the Illithid tadpole power, I rolled a one, and now I roll a two. Maybe that's a sign that I should stop using those powers. Shadow swims across your vision, and a familiar voice tells you to be calm. You are loved. This is sorry, sir. I didn't realize. Hey, he's all yours. Just don't be too rough, maybe. Moonrise Towers might still want to take him. I want to watch that weird priest next door. The Guardian must have been reaching out to us right there, encouraging us to use our tadpole powers. Peace, please. Let me out. There's no reason for this. I'm looking for a druid named Halsin, but I lost sight of him. I don't know if he's still alive. That's all I know. Please, get me out of here. Relax. I'm not going to leave you here. So much. You're probably bringing Shadowheart over here. Seems like we're not fighting the goblins at this moment. They don't know what happened on the outside of the temple. So I'm sure you're perfectly delightful. Let's bring these two over, and then I can get the guidance roll to help this guy out. Each other. The symbols of Soluna. Nice. The lock clicks and opens. Thank you. I better go before they catch us. Should be able to make it to the Grove on my own. They need to know they're in danger. You came looking for the Night Song, didn't you? So the Night Song is the powerful relic or artifact that Aerodin and his group of adventurers were trying to find for that wizard named Laroican back in Baldur's Gate. We currently have that contract right now. I almost forgot about that. We're also searching for the Night Song as well. I'll send the Night Song, and we're looking to kill the goblins, and we're trying to figure out what this Absolute stuff is, and we have no idea what that Guardian is. The place was supposed to be abundant, but when we arrived... Go on. Where can I find the Night Song? Brian had instructions, but Blin's got him. I have to go. I have to get out of here. What does the Night Song do exactly? I don't know. The boss didn't say. He just said some wizard called Laroican would reward us if we found it. That's all. Okay, let's get going. Interesting. Where does he think he's going? Okay, we decided to trust Priestess Gut. If we follow her to her chapel, she'll examine the parasite. I don't know if we're actually trusting her, but we learned that Halsin transformed into a bear during the chaos of the failed expedition. He might still be in that shape. Shadowheart spoke of the Mother Superior, her mentor and leader of a Cloister of Shar worshipers. This mysterious figure raised and trained Shadowheart. We found an ancient Temple of Soluna that had seemingly been razed by dark justiciaries in the past. Such a force must have had a stronghold to operate from. Perhaps it can still be found. Lost in thought. Really got to get myself a damn shovel. Is that a shovel? Or that's a pitchfork. Still alive. Let's be on my way. So in Early Access, there was a vendor in this temple. Oh, I didn't mean to click on Karlach. That sold heavy armor. So right now, I have heavy armor 16. This vendor is still here, and you can talk to every NPC that you come across, at least in Act 1 from what I've noticed. I'm just choosing not to click on all of them just for time. Roa Moonglow. Is that the jingle of coin I hear? You've timed it well, my friend. Already turned quite the profit today, so I'm feeling generous. You recognize the crest. She bears the winged serpent of the Zhentarim, the Black Network. You're no normal trader, are you? You're part of the Black Network. Exotic goods, true enough. But most of all, we offer discretion. No judgment, no right and wrong, just good deals and bad. That a problem for you? No problem at all. Let me see your wares. It's more important that I get good gear instead of worrying about where the gear comes from right now. Here we go. We have heavy armor 17, selling it for 650 gold. I ended up selling a few things and I picked up the chain mail 17, and that is pretty badass. Awesome. Pleasure doing business with you. Now I have to get that red cape Prince back, which is Cur, or yeah, the red cape from the Red Prince, which is currently on Will. And my character would look pretty awesome. I love this heavy armor. I just love the idea of a ranger wearing heavy armor on the front lines with an animal companion. Okay, you know, I could pickpocket a lot of these characters, but since I'm not really good at that, I don't have a Asterion in my group right now. It's a little bit risky, so I'm okay with just paying for things. We'll do a run where I pickpocket everybody in sight. Alright, so Priestess Gut is in here. Should I go in or should I not? Let's go explore a little bit further. Fern's growling at a goblin. I don't blame her. I'll blame her a bit. The animal companion really makes a lot of the NPCs go crazy. I feel like it shouldn't happen for a wolf. That could be a bug in Early Access. There was a bug whenever you wild-shaped into, like, a badger or something. Everybody, even in the Druid's Grove, everybody would run from you. Crazy throne of flaming iron. Praise McLovin. Change will interrupt my prayers. Scared of a real god? He always dooms us as the rest of them. I...Like this guy, so Magloviat is the goblin God, but everybody here now worships the absolute, and he's not having that absolute nonsense. How'd you land yourself in that cage? Stop, I assume you mean the absolute. My old tribe's all over this sight, freaterous bastards. They're great. Absolute brings us together, drow and nose and goblins, oh braiding one another's air. It's a load of sight. You don't like your people mixing with Outsiders? I just don't believe in all this togetherness and chumminess. They ain't natural. It won't last. They'll be tearing into each other soon enough. So don't know. I'll wait out in air, praying to a real God. Might be my favorite Goblin. I like that guy. What if I can free him? I really got to get minor illusion. I can't trip. I'm one of my characters. It's so useful for distracting NPCs. I wonder if I can kill these goblins without aggroing the camp. That's what I'm wondering about right now. You know what? There's only one way to find out, right? Only one way to find out. I'm not sure. Very well. Let me put my magic like I probably can. Soldier. Killing someone is one way to get a guard's blood pressure up. No, destined for the cells if you're lucky. Absolutely not. Okay, so we gotta look out as long as they don't alert the rest of the camp. Oh, oh my. Oh no. Oh no no no no no no no no whoa. Yeah. Under their noses. What are we getting? What are we getting for wild Magic? I got the vines again. I know there's a lot more than just the vines. Alright, let's go a little lunging bite here. I aggroed that entire room, man, and draw ragsland too. I wonder if the entire camp is hostile towards me now. Goblins usually have to sound like an alarm. I didn't see any of them do that or hear an alarm go off. Maybe I'm still good after this. Maybe I can still explore a little bit. Okay, we got a bunch of guys grouping up here, and I think I'm okay with that. This should be nice. But in the meantime, let's go ahead and just take these guys out one by one. 80%... 9 out of 12 HP. Guys got 3 HP. See ya. I'm gonna come over here, Shadowheart. Give me a bless. Perfect. And we'll back her up a little bit. Actually, I'm gonna do a spiritual weapon with her, and we're gonna do spiritual weapon great axe. And back up. Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome. Okay, these goblins are not in the fight, so see if we can get these guys to come through the door. But I would like to stop them actually at the front of the door, especially with my new heavy armor. And I'm gonna put the spiritual weapon right here, kind of block the way so they can't get in. And we're gonna put the wolf right here. And Mr. Gale, let me see if I can have you do something for me here. Let's see. Nope, I can't really see. Okay, so actually, I wish I could ready an action right now. I think I'm actually gonna hold off. I'm gonna reposition him actually down to here. We get a nice angle on the next attack. Oh no, no, no, there it is. Oh great, the whole camp is going to be alerted now. All of my plans just went downhill. I mean, that's okay. I think I was gonna eventually kill all these goblins anyways. That's okay, it is what it is, man. I decided to attack one of the goblins and I have to deal the consequences now. We're fighting the entire camp. What do you got for me, Drow Ragsland? What do you got for me, big boy? A perfect, perfect. I love that. It's right where I want him. Okay, we just gotta get Karlach up on the front line too. Critical hit, you gotta be kidding me. Okay, Drow's got 73 HP. Leadership or a nearby allies deal an additional 1 to 4 force damage as long as the Hobgoblin isn't incapacitated. Burning right now and threatened. Okay, he's a barbarian. You can see danger sense. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful start. Okay, back up a little bit, Shadow. Eldritch blast on spiritual weapon. We got a great little choke point going here. My HP is quite low though. Should have looked at my character's health. It's Shadow. Okay, okay, I like it, I like it. Oh, there's so many goblins. I can't reach. All right, hold person. Hmm, okay. Spiritual weapon, I know you can fly, so let's have you fly. Maybe disrupt the back lines a little bit. Hope I can't fly there actually. Don't get much movement as a spiritual weapon. And I didn't even leave myself close enough to Drow Ragsland. I know Mr. Wolfie, you're gonna take a nap and take an opportunity attack though if you back up. How can I not reach? Apparently I don't have as good of a setup as I thought I did. Get out of that fire. Uh oh, oh no, oh no. I think we're supposed to have combat music right now, but this is actually kind of nice. This is soothing. All right, Mr. Gilly Gale, it's your time to shine, my friend. Oh my God, you gotta be kidding me. I didn't prepare cloud of daggers. Oh no, I gotta get into that. I really have to get back to the basics of this. It's been so long since I've played Early Access. I took a long break. I'm not into the rhythm of things of preparing and unpreparing my spells. And last time I prepared shatter to get through that door, get through the wall. They didn't re-prepare cloud of daggers. We know what shatter is actually really good too. So let's go ahead and shatter. And it looks like I can't. Okay, I'm gonna go for the four. I want Drow Ragsland dead. He's about to kill my Ranger. But they didn't group up as nice as I thought they would. Oh, that was beautiful. Great, great damage. Okay, all right, just gotta be careful because they can probably hit me with a range attack. Cloud of daggers would be so perfect from this doorway right here. Spiritual weapon is like a tank right now. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Oh, he jumped over me too. Okay, okay, almost out of spell slots too. No way. I'll tell you what we're gonna do. I feel like I gotta go offensive here. Guiding Bolt, level two. Drow Ragsland needs to die. That was great. That was beautiful. No more spell slots. Okay, that's okay. Foreign. Spiritual weapon is taken for my group right now. I'm not too worried about it. All right, spiritual weapon, don't let me down. Perfect. Oh man, two death saving throws and failed them both. Nice. Oh my wolf's gonna die too. The wolf animal companion is just, I mean, it can be really good. So my plan was to take Great Weapon Master at level eight and eventually the Animal Companions do get more powerful too. Wolf's HP is just so bad at these levels right now. But if you can do lunging bite and knock your enemies prone and then give your ranger advantage on their attack with Great Weapon Master, it's pretty, that would be pretty deadly. But the problem is the wolf always dies and also it's not guaranteed to knock the enemy prone. It's a cool combination to think of though and you know, I love having my wolf with me so I can't complain that much, right? All right, we're gonna walk this way with the wolf. You know what, I'm gonna dash. All right, Mr. Gilly Gale, I'm gonna have you help out my friend here. We're gonna throw a potion. My pleasure. Perfect. Okay, wolf is back up. Let's try to get Gale to safety now if possible or at least behind a wall. Oh, this is like cloud of daggers heaven right here. Threw a rock in my weapon. You guys are using cure wounds and every spell in the book. All right, I have no more healing spells, but I think I'm going to toss a potion. We can heal the enemy too, so you gotta be careful when you throw it. Oh, wow, one for that Eldritch blast. Okay, so now let's take a look and see what we got. Might be time for the potion of speed, not gonna lie. Potion of Glorious Vaulting, drink this to triple your jump distance. I could have used that earlier. Organize this by type. Simple toxin, so it only costs a bonus action to coat your weapon and poison. We got the wyvern toxin, one to eight poison damage, but I can't coat my... I wonder if I can't coat it because it's a fire sword. Yeah, I think you can't. You don't get the double damage stack apparently. Must be wielding a weapon that can be coated. Yeah, so apparently I can't coat this greatsword. And that would make sense. Putting poison over fire wouldn't quite work. Okay. Ah, okay. We got a couple guys. We're gonna have Wolf hold them off back here for a second. And Karlach, I need you on the front lines. It's dropping these. Oh, we have the goblin boss right here. If I take that guy off first, I'm tempted to end my rage and then rage again because, well, I'm gonna do that. I want a different magical effect. So let's go ahead and end rage. This is pretty dangerous though, but it's okay because it's fun, I think. All right, spiritual weapon, you are the MVP today. That's for sure. Right when I say that, it misses. Spiritual weapon is awesome. You killed my wolf. Man, shatter would be amazing right now too. You know what would be funny too is if I threw... I know I have... Grease bottle, there we go. Let's go ahead and throw that. Shall be done. Oh my god, what? I did not expect that. Was there something on the ground that I missed? Oh Nelly, holy cow. Okay, battle's getting close and Karlach's taking a ton of damage right now because I came out of rage. I really have to hope that my next Wild Magic Surge is something that's just gonna murder everyone. All right, what do we got?Do we got here? We're gonna throw, I'm just gonna keep throwing potions with Shadow. We're gonna help out Karlach this day. You can throw it like in between two companions and both of them can run into it and then they get a heal, but I'm not sure what's gonna happen here with this fire surface, so I'm trying not to do that. Shadow's got a ton of HP right now. Thank you. Okay, okay, okay, okay. We lost concentration, so let's go ahead and Hunter's Mark. Screw potions, I don't need potions. Let's kill this guy. See ya. Trying to get out of the damn Fire Man. There's still people coming that aren't even like, other guys got low HP. Okay, here we go. Come on, give me something good. Okay, until the end of your rage, you can teleport each turn. That's pretty cool. That's not what I was looking for though, but okay, fair enough. You've got to be kidding me. 12 damage Ray of Sickness. Nice dodge, Gale. Huh. Okay, now that we are raging, alright Mr. Gale, might actually be time for you to possibly put somebody to sleep. But you know what, screw sleep, let's just go ahead and... Can I get this? Nope, I'm gonna take an opportunity attack if I do that. 90 with disadvantage. You've got to be kidding me with this stupid little god. Get the hell out of my face. Okay, alright, fair enough. Alright, so he's got 15 HP. Oh, it's possible. So weird without the battle music right now. Keep checking those potions, Shadow. Nice. Foreign battle here. Man, I am taking some major, major damage right now. Might be time to... I want to post it, I just don't have enough health right now to make me feel like I want to use the potion of speed. Yeah, give me eight HP. I'm actually tempted to go up, I'm not even gonna lie. You know what, never mind, let's go right into the fire. That was beautiful. Ain't gonna hurt my Barbarian, you kidding me? Watch this. This guy's really starting to piss me off, I'll tell you what. Are you doing, buddy? See ya. Barbarians are so good in this game. Still so many, oh my gosh. Alright, so... Get your ass up there, Gale. See ya. Come on. Alright, ensnared. You've got to be shitting me right now. Guy has eight HP, you could just finish him off with a magic missile and actually... Could work out, we get good rolls here. Oh man, I didn't even... I didn't even drop the one guy, I should have done two missiles on him. Oh, I didn't mean to go down, get back up, Shadow. Oh no. Okay, here we go. Okay, I think we are going to walk out of this victorious. Unfortunately, I think the entire Goblin Camp is now hostile. Yeah. Armor of Agathys. Foreign. Okay, okay. Only one Goblin left. I don't know, two Goblins. We got that one. Okay. I definitely sold things that I didn't want to sell. It'll be interesting to see what this Goblin says after I finish this encounter. Awesome. Up. Don't get too close. About to be done here. Unexpected combat encounter. Combat music's back. Okay. I think that's it. Are we still in combat with somebody? Indeed. Huh. Okay, well let's just flee. Oh, there it... Hold it. Oh, Brock. Oh, wow. He is... Okay, he's just not showing in the order of turns. He turned hostile on us. Why'd you turn hostile on us? I'm gonna have to kill him, though. I kind of like that guy. Trying to knock him out of there to see what he does. How do I lose my crossbow? Or where's my heavy crossbow? I thought I had a heavy crossbow. Did I get disarmed somewhere? Everything is going wrong. Everything is going wrong. Sight in that corpse. You should take a look. Okay. Well, that guy's gone. I didn't expect the boards to break. Still breathing, despite everything. Okay, we don't have any more short rests. I'm definitely gonna have to take a long rest here. It's breaker. Weapon enchantment plus one. 1d10 plus five. Seconds. Draw Ragsland's key and mind flayer parasite specimen. Potential. Open your mind to it. You already know how. Damn Guardian. Hmm. I know Gale is kind of open to the Guardian suggesting us to embrace the power. Those are Asterion. Will was against it. I think Karlach was also against it. I don't think I'm ready to open my mind just yet. Or am I? Or am I? Hmm. Not sure about this. Don't worry. You won't come to harm. I'll protect you. I'm gonna close my mind. You are not ready. That's alright. But try to overcome this resistance sooner rather than later. It will make things much easier for you. Okay. Alright, let's do some looting and then go to camp. I think the entire Goblin Camp is now after my group. That looks pretty cool. I actually like the helm with the horns. She's wearing clothing right now because we have unarmored defense, but actually medium armor can many times offer a higher armor class for barbarians. We've got to keep an eye out for a good medium armor. And actually, let's go ahead and switch to a sort of tier because its average damage is a little bit higher. This also gives the Shield of Faith. And I think what you can actually do with a lot of these weapons is, for example, you can put on the Sword of Tier and if you weren't using it, cast Shield of Faith actively. Does require concentration. Interesting. I was thinking that it might not because it's a weapon spell, but then we can switch to the Great Axe. Oh wow, Larian changed it. Okay, they no longer allow that. So that has been answered. You can no longer take advantage of all of the magical properties and weapons without actually using the weapon itself. I'm happy that they did that. That was definitely overpowered. Alright, a little bit more loot in here and then we'll go to camp. Oh look at that, let's go. I got a heavy helmet. Yes, Constitution saving throws +1. Nice. Look at my Ranger right now, my Ranger and my boar. Let me live my life. I guess we could sell that. We definitely gotta investigate what Droa was doing over here. And you can see there's a mind flayer corpse on the ground. I'm thinking we go to camp first just in case we get into some more combat, just in case there's another patrolling Goblin or something like that. Oh yep, okay, didn't think he was back there, but fair enough. It's me and my boar. Look at this on the wall right here, take note of this. I do know why the game is showing us this because I figured it out in Early Access, the answers to a puzzle down in the basement of this temple. We have a full moon on top, half moons facing this way, and then the dark moon, the darkness on the bottom, hugging close, confining. There's a light here, tight space beneath the floor, secret things that shine. Hmm, tells you deaf. Now that's funny, what if I did Feather Fall though? Would that, I wonder if I would still die. Yeah, right, or I forget, let's go ahead and put your spells up a little bit here. Gotta start using the necrotic spells to finish off enemies so I get temporary hit points back. Rim Harvest has been working, the necromancy feature just doesn't do nearly as much heal if you don't use a necrotic spell. There's more to this room than meets the eye. Can you shall find me? Good thing I saved that because like I said, I had a little, I had to re-save because I had a glitch. I wasn't sure if Gale actually learned Feather Fall or not, so let me send that to him and let's learn that right now. Don't have a spell slot for it, nor do I have Arcane Recovery though. Okay, alright, let's go back to camp and then we'll push on. You can probably just rest right away and go right back at it. We're at a mini camp. You can, you kiss Githyanki relic. I will have an explanation or your head. Walk away now. I won't warn you again. Oh no, Lae'zell wants to get Githyanki artifact. What's going on? Why are you two arguing? Nizel thinks I have something important to her people. Deluded clit lies. She carries an heirloom of my people. I must know why. Hmm. Hmm. Rest both of you. Tempers will be cooler in the morning. I doubt this one's wits will be any sharper by then. Spill blood here come daylight. We will find a place to end this. Fine. You can accept you're wrong. All will be rid of you permanently. Either way, I win. Oh wow. Damn. Had every chance to look the other way, but here we are. You chose this. Spare me the justifications, coward. If anyone asks, I'll say you were transformed. Don't expect to be mourned. I love this so much and I hate it at the same time. I love the interactions that companions have with other companions. This is really cool. It feels so real. Okay, we can do nothing. We can try to persuade Shadowheart to stop. Oh man, what happens if we are moved to attack Shadowheart? Alright, let's try persuasion because I kind of have a crush on both of them. I'm not gonna lie. I'm trying to keep them both alive just like Tristan, Jennifer, and The Witcher. I didn't learn my lesson. Okay, that's good. Really curious to know what would happen if I failed that. She's a liability. It's the artifact we need, not her. Let me up and I'll show you. All's not okay with that. She's gonna be getting revenge. We need her, Shadowheart. Give her a chance. Can I do so? Can I turn my back on you? Never. These aren't food. It's such luxury. Needn't be enemies. Plenty of those to go around already. What would you have that we be friends? Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Oh no. But imagine what we might achieve if we channeled some of that hostility back at our real foes instead of each other. They wouldn't stand a chance. Definitely feel like that scene could have gone a few ways and whatever happened, I would have stuck with it too. Imagine if Lae'zel ended up stabbing like Shadowheart through the neck or something and I've been doing so well with Shadowheart on this run. Hey, Scratch, what's up, buddy? The dog holds a well-chewed ball in his mouth and then over. Alright, it's only fair that you enjoy it too. But if you feel like throwing it, I wouldn't mind that at all. Okay, I tried that a while ago and you didn't want to play then, but sure. Foreign. Only Fern would play catch.With me. All right, let's talk to Blazel after that, see if she has anything to say. You must have questions about your quarrel with Shadowheart. It is over where I am concerned. Hmm, that's a relief. We won't survive this if we don't stand together. It is through, but I do not recommend Shadowheart seek it again. The next resolution may not end in her favor. I believe Lae'zel when she says that. I'll be keeping an eye on both of you. I don't want a fight happening again. We'll kiss and make up on our own time. Someone putting a newly opened wound doesn't help matters. Okay, there's something I've been wanting to share with you. Is now a good time? And what brought this on? Honest trust. I can't remember the last time I sought to confide in someone like this. Maybe I never have, for all I know. But now it just feels right. Difficult to put into words. I think it might be easier to just show you. Use the tadpole. The connection. Come into my mind. Wow. Are you sure? I'm sure. I trust you. Okay, remember how it started, how it ended. I was fleeing. Can't remember what I said. I can't remember anything before those woods. All I know is she saved my life and gave me a new home with Lady Sharpe. That's all I remember. Sparks in your memory about Saloonite Rites of Passage. You heard once about how they would send their children out into the Wilds to navigate their way home. This is hinting that Shadow was on a Saloonite Rite of Passage. Of course, Luna and Shar are mortal enemies, but twin sisters, exact opposites of one another. You looked like you were wearing a moonstone. Isn't that commonly worn by Saloonites? Don't read too much into things, childhood babble. That's all. Just because Saloonites claim something doesn't mean they own it. No wonder you're dedicated to Shar. You feel like you owe her your life. And those who saved me and taught me her ways, the Mother Superior. She made me who I am, at least as best as I can remember. She taught me, trained me, punished me when I failed her, which was often. You must have been important to her. Perhaps I was. She sent me on this mission, after all. Oh, oh, whoa, oh no, we gotta get out of here. Don't want to fight that boss. Well, that was really interesting. Never seen that scene before. Shadowheart as a child. All right, let's control C here. Yeah, everybody's hostile towards us now, so we gotta be careful. I'm gonna go back into this room. You've got to be kidding me. That takes care of that. Again, all the Goblins should be dead in this room. Let's go ahead and try. Let's speak with that amulet. As the corpse rises, your parasite squirms in recognition. That thing is burrowing through my brain. There's no doubt this creature is responsible for your parasite, and it's waiting for your questions. How do I get rid of this parasite? You see the tadpole and the Mind Flayer's hand. Not a parasite. Perfection. Rebirth is sloughing flesh, a new skull housing called sharp intellect. Why did the Dragon Riders attack this ship? You watch through the creature's eyes as it curses the star-borne slaves. I want the ones from the ship. Darkness and sun barely contained. Why did you abduct me? Dark empty pods flicker across your vision. They demand new flesh. Tell me who the Absolute is. Fractured images fill your mind. Drow blades, crude Goblin torches, gnoll teeth dripping blood. You see other Mind Flayers arranged in a serene circle. Salute unity, salute power. What does the Absolute want from the Goblins? You see Dror Ragslin ride. The tadpole clings to the Mind Flayer's fingers. The Goblin King bows obedient. The flesh of his tribe becomes the flesh of the Absolute. The Mind Flayer's corpse torches, then collapses again. Speak no more. Yeah, that was interesting. Herb to Dror Blades and Mind Flayers in circles. Your desire to keep going. You can get up into the rafters over here too. And actually, if any of you guys struggle with this fight, getting the high ground and going up in the rafters can be a big, big help. Okay, we have the Amulet of Solunis. Chosen. Okay, Infernal Iron. Oh, we're going to be doing some crafting at some point. Oh, wow, Helian's Heart. Okay, we got Gloves of Growling Underdog. They wear again's advantage on melee attack rolls while surrounded by two or more foes. And then we got the Spring Step Boots. When the wearer dashes or takes a similar action during combat, they gain momentum for three turns. And momentum is increased movement speed. Yep, five feet per momentum stack. Okay, so we picked up that item and it just gave us a new quest. We found Infernal Iron. We should take it to... Oh, damn it. And that is the guy back in the Druid's Grove, the Tiefling. That should be quite interesting. Okay, let's catch up on the quest log here. Shadowheart decided to share an old memory with us, one of a few spared from her amnesia. We saw her as a lost child being pursued by a wolf through a dark forest. Some Shar worshipers, led by the masked Mother Superior, came to her rescue and took her into their care. And we killed the Goblin King, Dror Ragslin. The Dream Visitor told us that the true Soul Parasite can enhance us if we both absorb its potential. Things have stayed interesting. Okay, let's put the Gloves of the Underdog. Actually, not as necessary with Karlach because we already have advantage on attacks with Reckless Attack. Shadowheart has on the Hellrider's Pride, when you heal another creature against resistance against bludgeoning, we're going to keep that. Already, you know what? Sure, I guess we'll just give it to Gale. I really like my Gloves of Missile Snaring. Oh, I can't wear them with Gale because I think they are... They must be heavy armor. No, they're not. Are they? It says under... Doesn't say anything about it being heavy armor. It looks like heavy armor, that's for sure, but it's not. Thank you. All right, what now? That looks pretty funny. As long as he can still cast spells, it looks like we still can. All right, definitely want to go back to the Grove and see what that little quest is all about. Okay, we got a couple goblins in the room to our side right here. Strut Prozac. And that looks like Menthara the Drow, but unfortunately we don't get to have a conversation because the entire camp is hostile. And you know what? That's just one of the ways that this plays out sometimes. And on our next playthrough, I will try to not be hostile and then we'll have a totally different run. There's also a scrying eye in here and honestly, I'm a little bit worried about these on full release. Right now, they didn't do anything in Early Access, but I feel like they are going to... Oh, it's good. Oh no, is it looking at me? I feel like they are going to do something in the full game. Okay, well, I think we're gonna... I think we're gonna just go in here directly. Let's get going. Let me go ahead and summon... We're gonna call in the bear this time. Yeah, the bear's got 19 HP. We got that goading roar, which is actually pretty good. So that's progress. And let's go see what's going on in this room right here, straight up. Everybody's red, so I should probably just come in swinging, to be honest with you. They set up. Should we go around? Should we try to find high ground? You can't really get in here. Can we see if Invoke Duplicity works here? That's pretty cool. Though it only works against enemies that are hostile. Minor Illusion works against anyone. Oh, they caught my bear. My bear is in the bed. This is so funny. Look at this. Nobody touches my bear. It's just my bear versus these goblins. Go get 'em, boy. Oh, you gotta be kidding me. I feel like my animal misses all the time. All right, let's get involved in this. Let's get involved. Oh, no, back up. Whoa, gotta get off the attack here. I don't think it's worth going around. Let's just go up. Let's get into it. Why not? Takes too long to set up. I think I can take on these goblins. And it looks like the drow is not even involved in this fight. So... Thank you. It's definitely a huge update from Early Access. I don't know what you can do with this thing, though. Lucery double as an attack. It does... There's one damage. Menthara is still back there. Surprised she's not in on this. Oh, this eye is not happy. On my feet. Don't waste a step. Ah! Okay, all right, all right. Well, magic surge. Till the end, your magic lashes out whenever you take damage, hitting your attackers for one to six force damage. Damn it. I already lost my concentration. Oh, no, I didn't. I still got concentration. 55% chance. I don't know about that, man. I don't know about that. Let's try it. Oh, that was amazing. To live in more interesting times. All right, what now? There's no time to waste. They're using Hold Person a little bit more. How many spells in this game? Follow me through the gap. I'll flank, outsmart. Fair enough, my friends. 12 HP, 12 HP. Perfect. Moving. Is out of sight. Let me cast it right here. Yes, we can. Oh, nothing. Nothing. Look at this crazy movement that I have with my Ranger. That's amazing. One across half the map. Let's leave my bear back. Not even worth bringing them up. This damn spiritual weapon can't fly that far. Movement speed is horrible. One bad thing about it, but I guess that's okay. You know what? Hold on. Let's watch Grim Harvest. Let me use a necromancy spell. I have 16 HP with Gale right now. Let's use Ray of Sickness. You gotta be kidding me. Just wanted to test that spell out. I'll leave one of them alive for him. Lots of misses. Oh, I've been miss-clicked. Speaking of misses. You gotta be kidding me. Unbelievable. Gotta leave it to Spirit Weapon to get the job done. All right, so how much HP does this guy have? 12. Ray of Sickness, level two. I have 16 HP right now. Come on, Gale. You can do it. Yes! There you go. Look, now I have 22 HP. So you can see Grim Harvest in action. We really haven't been doing much with it.In-game much with our subclass choice yet but okay oh no who did we just get now somebody's in battle oh poor guy okay all right let's go see what ninthara was doing over there I think we're just gonna straight up fight her just walk right up to her and see what happens here no never mind there we go I chose this life when I decided to attack that Goblin see if we can pull her back a little bit so I'm actually going to give up my turn here because there's no hold action [Music] beautiful 52 HP true soul of the absolute night Warden minthara dual wielding maces right now holy cow wolf sworn drow Paladin that is bad ass I can't wait to it's not gonna be this run but I can't wait to have menthara joined my party one day noise my Paragon my bear is gone now okay I wonder if my bear actually tried grouping up with me I he oh he did that's what oh I keep so the paving my bear tried meeting up with my Ranger and he automatically ran around to try to meet up because the only way for the bear to get around was this way unless he climbed the ladder but actually he couldn't climb the ladder because there was no ladder down on this side so the bear was just trying to be with me and he ended up getting an oh my God I think the bear the bear aggroved the entire room with Priestess God you gotta be kidding me okay well let's take care of menthara first hmm don't think I want to push her find familiar scratch some of the best boys scratch are you serious Keen nose can discover many things hidden around the world what I wonder what happens if scratched eyes though I can't wait to test that out we're not gonna do it right now though wood okay 65 chance beautiful okay Mr Gale I'm gonna have you let's see she got 37 HP left let's go ahead and I think we're good doing a magic Missile or we could poison her let's do racist let's go let's start using necromancy spells or not okay fair enough Karlach has just held right there actual weapon [Music] wow damn thethara is badass lost my concentrate no I didn't okay you know I could do could probably push her into the pit but you know what I don't even want to try because I want to see if I can get some of that armor that she's wearing she's a paladin you know what I'm saying so let's take a swing and then we're gonna pommel strike see if we can Daze here lower her Armor class I should have done that first actually I definitely should have done that first so a few days first Armor class drops by her dexterity modifier and then you're more likely to hit for your next attack that bone children rare sickness perfect and we ended our concentration so Karlach is back in the fight okay so now we have Shadow again let's just go all out and goodbye to menthara please don't fall on the pit it might be useful okay we get an Alchemy pouch camp supply pack oh look at this once per short rest you can encase a Target and fairy fire for two turns if you miss an attack against it and it's once per short rest instead of long rest this will actually be really good in Shadow heart's hands boots of striding when you cast a spell that requires concentration you gain momentum for one turn while you're concentrating you can't get knocked prone or be moved against your will in spider silk armor oh it's not it's not as good as I thought it was it's light armor interesting I wonder why she was wearing light armor as a paladin you gain a plus one bonus to stealth checks advantage on Constitution saving throw checks pretty cool I thought it could definitely be good for possibly will will has light armor efficiency okay and then we got another parasite I guess I'm just going to keep Gathering those mentharas at ease close those are Camp clothes drow leather gloves doesn't do anything tasteful boots okay I like getting an upgrade for Shadow Hearts mace looks pretty badass too you ask me disappoint everything okay so let's go ahead and hold on one second y'all awesome okay gotta make use of all these because if I don't put them on right away such as the Spring Step boots which I got back in the other room that I end up forgetting about them and never wearing them again let's just see what this looks like oh that's so cool looking I think I'm gonna put that on will I don't know what armor will has on right now but it's not for my Ranger my Ranger needs heavy armor okay let me save this as menthara dead we've killed two of the leaders here oh man I kind of feel bad she's about to fall down isn't she well at this point might as well help her oh come on the scrying eye is pissing me off come here where you think you're going freaking staring at me done all right so I got some XP out of that too okay a war map three additional locations are annotated Caravan goblins has scrawled to the northwest of the map Toll House Knowles marks the far north territory in Forest supplies hover over an arrow pointing to the forest just to the camps East beneath in small letters between the Laurel the water sparkers nice these give you lightning charges so we're going to save all those actually I could start putting them on Yale to be honest with you start building up a Lightning Charge outfit no never mind wrapwood Shield that doesn't look good does it elixir of poison resistance oh we have a book on oath Breakers let's send that to camp I gotta do some organizing at my camp at some point okay let's go back up this way and actually we're going to explore this door we're all gonna have to jump down cool if I can get everybody down here but my Bear's gonna go oh no my bear oh I forgot about my bear oh man okay we're gonna come back for the bear see if the bear can hold his ground we're gonna try some oh no no no no don't you do it Oh wrong character Okay so oh man we can't rest because the party member's in danger do I have how many spell slots do I have I have basically zero spell slots man am I gonna I can't believe it this is gonna be real tough oh man okay could just fight you know what's you know it's gonna be the right move here so these aren't actually real Animal Companions okay they're like ethereal against be killed and then they can return to you so we're gonna fight it out with the bear maybe I can take one of these bastards down with me foreign actually took on the entire room oh this is prime Thunder Wave territory right here hold on let me think about this all right the Bears the Bear's gone now I do have thunder waves so if I actually paused and then snuck gal over there it would have been really cool to Thunder Wave all those guys down into the spider pits okay so we should probably take a rest is what I'm thinking I don't know what happened to my heavy crossbow I'll put on a goblin bow for now better than nothing we have another symbol here okay let's go ahead and do a quick long rest at the mini camp I think we just go for it one of these days I still got to change my character's underwear I have food would you like it it's interesting because Lae'zel is the only companion I didn't get approval from or feeding the owl bear cup here but she just doesn't care about stuff like this foreign take it friend [Music] nice [Music] the hand that feeds is the hand that's loved you'll never leave your side now no run corrected come on Gale that was your fault man ready and Willy okay all right back at it we go [Music] beautiful stuff you have spells we got prepared hold person bless boarding Bond alien word guiding ball they don't need cure wounds I do have Silence with Shadow heart I didn't realize that until the faith I like show the faith too but it's like bless and shield of Faith you only have one active at a time all right I'm gonna prepare Sanctuary just in case I have to actually save somebody and then we'll also take you know what I forgot I haven't I should be using hold on hold on hold on hold on I should be using some of these a little bit more often so let's go ahead and grab Aid and then I'm gonna do this right now he's got temporary hit points to a long rest I mean it did cost a level two spell slot or 20 hit points for my group but hey [Music] the Warg pens okay all right the Goblins in here are not aware of that I am not a friendly to them what now just fine with me we're gonna loot their chests oh no is he oh grab the gold how's everyone subscribed oh shit you gotta be kidding me okay yeah so I thought you ain't gonna do nothing about it are you gonna do nothing being arrested for [Music] CED by the look on this guard's face you're getting off light oh the whole room oh you gotta be kidding me okay I like how it crosses off the words combat music's not working again the game's definitely on the review copy it's definitely got some noticeable bugs I really hope that larion is able to patch those out pretty fast we've already gotten like three patches on the review copy because the game is clearly a special game and we're only in act one right now like halfway through act one foreign be better to wait until version 1.0 to record a let's play but that's just not how it works you gotta you get it you gotta go that's the world of content creation okay nice we got teleport okay we got two wargs back here and a look look it looks like there's a bear down here I wonder if that's healthy we're gonna do speed combat real fast you ready all right here we go everybody's stuck in the door here come on come on guys come on what should I do you jump over these guys Shadow all right thank you oh crap what do I do now it's a really good idea to keep inflict wounds prepared at all times I don't have it right now all right well in that case let's take a slash with our new mace awesome that actua Lly worked out really good race. Okay, Mr. Gale, can you jump over these guys? Yes, you can. Perfect. Alright, now it's time for you to die, Mr. Goblin. 27 HP. Holy crap. Okay, fair enough, my friend. [Music] Up there, right in half. Orgs are coming out. Come here, buddy. Alright, oh yeah. That takes care of one of them. Should I charge out and face that bear? 1v1, my bear versus that bear. Little Goblin kids. Alright, get out there, Karlach. Okay, now we got a warrant problem. [Music] We could just get to them without even having to jump. It's just incredible. You need to find a way forward. Gonna have to try. Wood elf strength-based Ranger with the items that I have on right now. As the hunter Ranger at some point. Nice. We gotta save that bear because if he dies, I think he actually dies and that's how our story plays out. Okay, we almost got it. Let's use a cantrip. Only got one HP. Nice, nice, nice. I don't think I'm gonna be able to do anything this turn. Nope, can't see anybody. Oh wow, nope, not enough movement. Okay, I could have spiritual weapon but that's fine. Okay, let's pass that on to this guy. On my way. Pretty much no enemy that I can't get to. Nice job, Cave Bear. Let me save this. I'm gonna call this Cave Bear. It's not a bear, it's an elf. A jacked elf, a jacked wood elf. About to size this guy out because I don't know what else to hold on. You think you are? You think you're the alpha of the wood elf tribe? Come here. Oh wow, holy crap. Oh, okay, alright, fair enough. Pardon the viscera. One should cherish all of Nature's bounty, but Goblin guts are quite far down the list. You aided a bear without knowing if it would savage you. A true friend of nature or perhaps a lunatic. Either way, I owe thanks. I am the druid Halson. Your Halson, the master Halson of the Emerald Grove. Yes, but just Halson will suffice. I'm becoming too demanding of honorifics from the one who saved my hide. I spoke to Nettie. She said you could help me with the parasite in my head. Parasites in your head? That... You mean you have one of them? Oakfather preserve you, child. You're infected, aren't you? The Mind Flayer's spawn. Something's different. You're aware of the monster inside you. You don't bow to the Absolute like the true souls do. I feel like the music should be different for this too. I think the entire Temple of Soluna here, this Goblin Fortress, has just messed up with the music at the moment. Oh wow, we can show Halson the artifact. Oh man, I don't know if I trust Halson yet, to be honest with you. I escaped from an Illithid ship after being infected. Maybe the process was interrupted, perhaps. But I wouldn't want to place all my faith in blind luck. You weren't speaking lightly when you said you needed help. Let me tell you what I know. I've been studying these parasites for a while now, ever since I discovered these so-called true souls are infected with them. Someone is using very powerful magic to modify these tadpoles. They're using them to exert control over the infected. I'm sorry to say I can't undo that magic, which means I can't cure you. But that doesn't mean I can't help. I didn't find what I came here for, the way to remove the tadpoles, but I found the next best thing. I found out where they come from. That must be where these enchantments are placed on them, and it's where you'll find your cure. This magic isn't typical of how Mind Flayers procreate. No, this is different. Altered. The magic used is beyond me. It's either not of this world or so ancient as to be lost to even Nature's memory. Tell me what you've learned about the tadpoles' origins. I overheard that the cultists are sending all of their captives to Moonrise Towers. Innocents go in, true souls come out. Given that all of these true souls are infected, it has to be the source for this magic. If you want to find a cure, you must head there and discover how the tadpoles are being manipulated. You seem to know a lot about this. Will you come with me to Moonrise Towers? I wish I could, but there's still work I've yet to finish, blood I've yet to spill. I have no right to ask more of you, but if you could help me, I'd be free to join your journey to Moonrise. I cannot allow these butchers to threaten my Grove. The natural order must be protected. Okay, Kagha is... Let's just be straight up with them. Kagha is dead. She was swayed by Shadow Druids. I had no choice. Kagha, this is my fault. I was her teacher. I will mourn her when I can, but there are other matters to attend to before that. Help me kill the leaders of this hold, save my Grove, then I will help you. Three deaths could win us peace. The druid Minthara, the Hobgoblin Dror Ragslin, and that perversion of a priestess Gut. They are the ones holding these parasites together. Remove them, and nature will cure itself. Having a shape-shifting bear druid at my side might make things easier. My... If you prevail, I'll owe you the debt of a lifetime. Be warned, my presence could make things more difficult. I can only restrain my bear form so much. I won't be able to help but attack goblins if I join you. We'll likely have to slaughter this entire place. You may want to use discretion when approaching the goblin leaders. Come with me. So be it. May Silvanus lend us nature's fury. Okay, so we have... A nice, I have two bears now. Halson and then my bear Ursa. That's funny. If Healing Word, Thunderwave, Call Lightning. Oh, it's really cool to take control of Halson. Seems like a nice guy. Don't trust him fully yet, but... Misty Step, Wild Shape, Black Bear. Okay, how many Wild Shapes do I get? Little does Halson know. Oh, line breaker boots. Once per turn, when you dash, you gain Wrath for two turns. And Wrath is a +1 bonus to damage with melee weapons. Guess I could give those to Karlach. If there's anything in here. Yeah, we've already killed two of the leaders, so this should be pretty quick. We just have to go back to that one room. This looks like a prison cell right here. Back to that one room where my bear was fighting. And I do have spell slots right now. Enough, so let's go get it done. Good. About Volo. Okay, nice. I'm still hidden. These guys. That one. Oh, okay, okay. Wait, who did they just get? Okay, okay, hold on. I don't fancy their chances. Okay, they are in battle with this goblin right here. Okay, in that case, let's just kill her real fast. I thought it was the entire room for a second. I'm gonna kill this goblin quickly. It's gonna feel good. Uh-huh. Almost forgot about you, Volo. Almost left the goblin camp. See what we can do for you, my friend. We... I'm in no hurry to take my turn on that spit out front. Be so kind as to unlock this cage. How'd you end up in this place? Curiosity, my friend. It didn't benefit the cat, but it's the foundation of my career. Okay, I admit, I've hit something of an impasse. Please, unlock myself. Alright, I'll get you out. Bless you, my friend. I'll wait nicely, but please don't dawdle. I knew I could count on you, my friend. We mustn't carry but I hate for our friendship to end here. Please, won't you meet me once we've both slipped the goblin yoke? Slip the yoke? How do you tend to do that exactly? Invisibility potion, my friend. My friend, less refined than your mendacious method, but by God, it'll do the trick. Go to my camp. We'll talk there. Smashing, my friend. Gonna have something liquid at a tale of daring do. I'll slip away when the coast is clear. See you soon, my friend. I simply can't wait to pick your brain. Laughs. Volo wasn't quite as annoying in the original Baldur's Gate games as he is in BG3, but I still... I still like his character. Look at this, dear Elminster. Volo is connected to Elminster, one of the most famous wizards in all of Faerun, one of the most powerful wizards in all of Faerun. Shall be done. Okay, so these goblins are red, so let's see if we can do this somewhat tactically. Ocean. Foreign. Though it is flesh, but it doesn't sate her hunger. Very well. Yeah, those goblins are gone. So let's set my character right here. My favorite Shadowheart, I'm gonna have you go over here. I wouldn't mind getting up top, but we're gonna have to do it turn-based mode and quickly. Oh, oh man, I was so close. Okay, that's okay. Still made it up. So we'll back him up a little bit. Let's go ahead and see who else is in the combat. Like the bears are actually... Harlak is not, so let's get Harlak right into the thick of the battle. Two goblin... You know what? Let's send Harlak up on these guys. That would be pretty badass. Sure if I can get over there though. I wonder if I should take a ranged shot. Oh, Harlak! Oh, damn it! I tried taking control. Oh, that's perfect. It worked out good. Alright, Volo, I'm gonna need you to come over here. Oh, this is great. This is just great. And then we also got Shadowheart. Let's give Aid to my pep bear too. Or, uh, not Aid. Bless. Never mind. I'll give it to Halson. Me and Shadow. Thank you. The lance board is set. A choice but to keep going. That's private. Breathe deep and move. Get down there, Halson. My blood. I feel like I missed a lot with Reckless Attack. Oh my god. No, what just happened? Still alive. Still alive. Gonna be okay. I wonder if God is still in that room. I'm gonna show up with Halson if she is. He's got... Hold on, I can't see. Geos. Yeah, let's see what we can do here. Oh man, I targeted my spiritual weapon. It's like way too fast. Okay, let's see what we get here. Fusion. Nice. I'll take it. Oh, there's True Soul God. Okay, alright, she came back to the middle room. Nice to have a druid in my group. Great shooting, Gale. Great shooting. You. Actually did it. The leader's dead. Pray Silvanus, no. That's not right. Praise you, my friend. Thank you, thank you. The Grove owes you a debt beyond measure. Killing's never my first choice, but those three were too dangerous to leave alive. I've done my part. Now tell me about Moonrise. Let's get out of this pit first. Firstly, I have some matters to sSettle, then I'll join you at your camp. There we can talk properly. Okay, we freed Volo. He'll meet us back at camp. We saved a large Baron. It ended up being the Druid Halsin himself. He asked us to kill the goblin leader so he can restore peace to The Grove. But the Priestess got dead. The Goblins have no leadership. They won't be a threat. Now we should tell the teeth. Well, the Goblins defeated the Tiefling. Can safely return to the road with both Zevalor and Ashrak dead. We should report to Ceres. Tell her the good news. Forget some of the Tiefling's names. Can't remember who that is. Lae'zel told us that I get Githyanki should be able to cure us. Yep, we already know that. Okay, Recess Gut might have been able to help us. But being a goblin proved to be fatal for her. We'll need to find another way to remove the parasite. And then we have the main quest is finally updated. Find a way to Moonrise Towers. Halsin said that the alithic parasites had been altered by followers of the absolute. If we want answers, we need to head to the cult's base at Moonrise Towers. And it actually says right here we took the mountain pass to Moonrise Towers because in episode 6, I believe it was last episode, I entered into the mountain pass. So the game somehow took note of that and then it wrote it down for this quest. Hopefully I'm not stuck with having to do the mountain pass now. Hopefully there's other options for me. But I guess we'll find out. Around said might as well. Okay, Absolute's Warboard Talisman. Okay, all this Absolute gear that we can't really wear. And a mind flayer specimen. These things have stayed interesting. Let me just check another room here and then that'll be it for this episode. There's just so much to these areas. Like there's like three areas that I can think of right now that we could still explore. We should live in more interesting times within this actual Fortress. For those of you guys that are watching my let's play, just know that I'm intentionally kind of... I feel like I'm doing a lot but I'm also leaving out a lot too. Does it make sense to you? You know, if you're an adventuring party and you're on a quest, you're not necessarily interested in searching every single thing that you come across. We've got to get away from that place. Got Priestess Gut's key, so I want to check this room real fast. Anything good in here? Foreign. The Bodyguard of the high priestess. This is bringing us into a very, very interesting little under area here. Right here while my camera was able to go really far away, you can see we have a puzzle. And if you were paying attention to the drawings on the wall in the temple, you might have an idea how to do that puzzle. We're going to come back for that. We're going to save this. This is a lot of content coming this way. So we're going to go to The Grove and talk to the Tieflings, talk to Halsin. And also we picked up that one little side quest that I've never seen before, the Helion quest. So we have to go to Damon, the Tiefling blacksmith. Thank you. Well, well, well. Oh yeah, Rocky crevice. Man, I wonder if we could get a familiar hold on. Yeah, we're bringing the entire party. This room's looking awfully intense right now with all these fire wine barrels. Bring everybody and see if there's any checks we can do. Okay, so hold on. Let me call in. Let me call in. I don't really have any small. Come here. Very nervous being around all these barrels. Can you go on there, Mr. Piggy? No, I don't know if you can with your animal companions. If you can actually do the same things as if you're doing like a druid wild shape, because it's not you. It's not your actual character. I don't have a familiar, but I do have Scratch. Let me call Scratch in here. Cool. I just feel like with Scratch, you don't want to bring him in dangerous areas because I wonder if he dies, if he's dead for good, you know what I mean? Okay, Scratch, what do you got for me? You got a bite. He can't go in there either. Okay, all right. Blades of... Come on, come on, come on, come on. We got this. We got this. I didn't add guidance last time. 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 is possible. Nope, bad rolls. Not giving up. Come on. This is ridiculous. It's gotta be freaking shitting me. Come on. Come on. We just need like a 15, maybe even a 14 or a 13. No way this is happening. We have a 25% chance, actually even more than 25% chance because of guidance. There we go. Yes, 250 gold. I need it because I'm not a pickpocketer on this run. Now we could hoard a bunch of smoke powder barrels and actually maybe I will pick up a couple. I think I can probably carry a few because I have a ton of income. Let's see if I can pick up another one. Drop them off at my camp. Pick another one too. Why not? There's a lot of cool things you can do with barrels in these games if you're willing to put in the work. Like setting them up in different places. Now we're encumbered so we're moving slow right now. Yeah, I think that's probably... I think I'm pretty happy with the Shattered Sanctum, with this Goblin Fortress, this ruined Temple of Soluna, with what we did in here. We killed the three Goblin leaders and now we have to go back to The Grove. So I'm going to go ahead and travel us to Emerald Grove right here. And of course, everybody wasn't grouped together. Classic. Classic. And that's going to be it for this episode. So next episode, we will go turn in all these quests at The Druids Grove, which will be exciting. And we'll go on from there. As always, thank you all so much for watching and I'll catch you on the next one.