 Welcome back. Let's continue this epic adventure and start off episode 5 here. So, at the end of episode 4, we had an interesting conversation with Gale. He told us that he needs to consume The Weave from powerful magic items or a great catastrophe would occur. He doesn't need these items yet, but it's best to be prepared. So that was an interesting request out of Gale.  We also killed Kagha because we found out that she was part of the Shadow Druids and the Grove is going through some restructuring now. The Tiefling are not being kicked out anymore, but they do have to make the trip to Baldur's Gate at some point. Zevlor asked us to take out the goblin leaders in the area if we could, to make their journey a little bit easier.  So let's start this session off with a long rest. It's been a while. We'll call in my buddy Veris the boar. Nice. All right, let's make our rounds with the companions once again. You know, reflecting, when we find the Droid, will he know how to bring the worm under control? Will this little adventure of ours be over? Probably once the worm is gone. I'm going on my own way, Asterion, a pity, a great pity. You'll call it the ally after all, traversing a furnace, surviving the crash, surviving everything that's followed. I'm not easily impressed by people, but you're stronger than I gave you credit for. Just trying to survive like you, yes, we're more similar than I thought. You can stop staring now, Asterion. I just need to get some air, clear my head. I'll see you later, I'm sure. Sleep tight.  I don't remember Asterion coming onto me that hard in Early Access. We got to establish our boundaries though. I should probably offload a few of my items that I'm not currently using. I probably will organize all of these into their own chests, but this time I think I'm gonna save most of these magical items to take a deeper look at them at a later date. Gloves of power, yeah, I think that's probably pretty good. We'll hang on to the mask of the shapeshifter.  Almost pleasant traveling with company, if you ignore all the less pleasant aspects. I want to talk about all that's happened to us. Fine, mine, we're going to turn to other matters. I don't like either of these responses. Okay, we can store books in here, actually, I'm gonna have to do that too. Go ahead, I'm listening.  I was wondering, that condition of yours, why does it require magic? Think of it as tribute, the car into King might pay to a more powerful neighbor to avoid invasion. As long as I pay, there will be peace. Should I ever stop, along comes a war. I can assure you the battlefield would extend well beyond the borders of my body alone. Starting to freak me out, Gale. Your enterprising approach to my problem is most encouraging, but it is a delicate process to keep my condition stable. I do not yet need to consume an item, keep it close by, it will not be too much longer.  What do you make of having a vampire in our camp? We all have our burdens, one way or the other. The goblins still infest the roads. As long as their leaders live, Zevlor's people are trapped. You know what, I might actually have Wyll join my group for a little bit. I'm going to dismiss Lae'zel, but only a Githyanki's safest can cleanse an embedded tadpole. You believe you can survive without me, as you. He doesn't believe in our cause anyways, of going to search for Halsin, so let's go ahead and recruit Wyll.  Well, I don't know how I want to level him yet though, that's the spirit. Where am I needed? Okay, so we've already got our subclass which was chosen at Wyll's level one, so we'd have to respect if we wanted to change that. Okay, so I get one spell out of this list right here and I'm definitely gonna take hex because even if I do go melee with this, hex is still a good spell, very similar to Hunter's Mark.  And then we have Eldritch invocations, agonizing blast. When you cast Eldritch blast, add your charisma modifier to the damage that it deals. And then I'm also going to take repelling blast. When you hit a creature with Eldritch blast, you can push the creature up to 15 feet away from you. I do want to try Devil's sight at some point and do like a melee build that lives in the darkness.  And for my next spell, I'm going to take, I'll take scorching ray, although Misty's step might be the better call right now. Or shatter for some more AOE, have Wyll and Gale both with a few AOE spells. Enthrall, reduce a creature's peripheral vision and make it look at you. Cool, mirror image is also a fantastic spell and of course clouded aggregates as well. I'm gonna go ahead and take, I'm gonna take this step.  And I'm very tempted to take pack to the blade right now. You can summon a packed weapon or bind the one you're wielding, making it magical. Packed weapons use the wielder's spell casting ability modifier instead of strength or dexterity. Really good multi-class option here, especially with a class like the Paladin where you won't need your strength anymore, you use your charisma for your weapon attacks. Just don't know how I want to build it yet, so I think I'm gonna go with pack to the chain right now. And then I'm going to respect into pack to the blade once I lay out a plan for myself. And we get, find familiar, an imp and also a closet.  Okay, and I just figured out actually, you don't have to fast travel out of the camp. If you click on the bedroll after a long rest, it will teleport you back to where you left off. At the ready. I feel like I'm playing Pathfinder right now with all this pre-buffing.  I'm also going to select warding bond right here. I feel like this spell is insanely powerful. I almost don't believe it, it's so powerful. But actually, I can see why now. The downside to warding bond is, each time the ally takes damage, the creature takes the same amount of damage. So even though I have resistance to all damage and a boost to Armor class, Shadowheart takes damage at the same time. But let's keep an eye on that. Swift as my feet can carry me. And definitely be really good though when you need to save one of your front liners if one of your back liners like Shadowheart has really good HP.  Let's give Wyll the cloak for a little bit, give him the dancing lights cantrip. I don't even have a crossbow for him, unbelievable. The pride of the gate, the blade of Frontiers, progress, we're going. Okay, so I think I'm going to start heading towards Karlach here. As Wyll is hunting down Karlach, I think we'll focus on that first here.  And while we're here, we might as well investigate this cave, right? Oh, where am I needed? Foreign, s fly, invisibility and also claws. Beautiful cave, dead Albert, pray no doubt. The corpse is silent. An unusual place to find a shrine of Selune. Shadowheart's not gonna like this. Is this is Selune, the goddess of the moon, twin sister to Shar, which is the deity that Shadowheart currently worships.  An ancient tome detailing how Selune came into being along with her sister Shar. The silver radiant Selune and the dark alluring Shar complemented each other and brought an orderly distinction between light and dark in the universe. A prayer dedicated to Selune, imploring all to accept the moon maiden's blessing and chair in her bounty. A prayer sheet, what's this symbol on it? No, never mind. I wonder if the gods are watching me.  All right, let's read this Selune's prayer sheet. My prayers are answered. And that unlocked the Gilded chest right here which was magically trapped. But why, this rubbish is an offering to Selune. At best it's worthless, at worst, who knows, could be cursed. Do not trifle with that Moon witch or her trinkets, only trouble will follow.  Why do you care so much? And it looks like the game, the full release version of the game, does not let you use Shadowheart of guidance to use it against her, so that's a nice update. You should have stayed quiet. You want the truth, fine. I worship Shaw, Mistress of the night, Selune's twin and foe. Now that you have the truth, please don't make a big fuss about it. A Shaw worshiper, not my usual quarry nor my usual ally. I don't care who you worship, we have bigger problems. Truth, I didn't think you'd react so pragmatically. Perhaps I should have told you sooner. In the future, I expect you to be honest, Shadowheart. Let's leave it at that for now.  The moon drop pendants, when the wearer has 50 hit points or less, they don't provoke opportunity attacks. And at the bottom, you can see that Gale can absorb this item's magic, destroying it. Oh, what was that? Not sure why I had to do a dexterity check to pick that up. Barbaric nonsense. No rest for the wicked, I see. I shouldn't have wished to live in more interesting times. Let's put the moon drop pendant on Wolf. Yeah, I like that. The hero it hard, still breathing despite everything. I've got a long road ahead. These boots have seen everything. They do, bun fern, not as bad as fantasy.  And there you have it folks, we have our first sighting of a wild owlbear and her cub. Creatures that are not to be messed with. Dark vision, multi-attack. But as a ranger with speak with animals, it's my duty to check in. Footsteps before we see it, beaked face looming out of the darkness. What's this, something weak, something tender. Won't even have to chew you before I feed you to my son. Self-mate.  You're injured, there's still half a spear lodged in your head. It's a splinter, la, guttered bigger threat than you is worse. Yeah, let's try Ranger persuasion. I would never intrude on your nest knowingly, this was a simple mistake. Foreign, cost you your life if you posed any real danger. You can go, but you make... One wrong step and I'll rip you to shreds. We got an Inspiration Point out of that and you know what? As a ranger of the woodlands, I'm going to respect the mother's wishes. We have an owl bear egg here too. And we are going to respectfully exit the owl bear cave and continue our search for Karlach.  ER, them all, this will be no different. I've always had a soft spot for the confident ones, they always keep moving, stranger. Quietly. What happened here? I told you to go. Let's appear at his collar with a perception check. What are you doing? Get back. Okay, I'm gonna try an intimidation check now. If I wanted to hurt either of you, I'd have done it already. Wow, this is a tough check right here. Amazing, perhaps that's true. Your scent is thick with blood. Still, you should go. My friend is injured, he needs rest. I don't think he's going to wake up. Scratch, of course, he will and then we'll return home.  What's your name? He calls me Scratch, you can do the same. And what happened to your friend exactly? We were attacked, cackling furry things on two legs and I smell it was strange, rotten, evil. You know the creatures he describes, nulls. Come on Scratch, you can travel with me if you'd like. No, I won't leave him. If he doesn't wake up, follow my scent. I have a camp, if it comes to that, I may. Thank you.  Oh, I have the Magic Touch. These things have stayed interesting. Calm work, be doubly careful on the way back to Balder's Gate. I've received more reports of attacks on travelers throughout the region. I can't have my best messenger winding up face down in a ditch somewhere. David, it's a boy. He's healthy and perfect. I've named him after his father. Come back and see us soon as soon as you can get leave. Love, Flora.  Nine fingers, I won't come back to the city, not while you have your thugs looking for me. If you want the debt paid, you'll have to trust me and collect it yourself. Go to the graveyard and look for where M. Kerwin is buried. Get digging and you'll find enough valuables to settle matters between us. Don't go looking for me, I'll know when I'm safe. The Nine-Fingers Keene is the leader of the most prominent criminal organization in Baldur's Gates, known as The Guild. I'm not going to steal anything off the guy's body right now.  Okay, we're getting really close to Karlach. I wonder if the plants respawn. You seem to know a good deal about our condition, game everything really. What if the two finder points, it's a humble specimen, aren't you? Otherwise, foreign, sharp as ever. I saw you training those children, so gentle. That's not how I was taught, cruel words, strength and neither heads nor hearts, shadow. I wouldn't quite say that. I learned a lesson after all. I'm trying to resent your tutor out there. I taught them to fuck again.  Okay, we are now out of the circle where Karlach was. Is that what was there, was a bloodstone? Hmm, I don't know what use bloodstones have in the game yet. These bones speak of some old long-forgotten tragedy. Druid symbols on their equipment. You seemed quite forward with your compliments earlier, you'd only just met. He's the day I said it doesn't look too safe, so let's go back down and go back towards the quest location for Wyll. And then we'll come back to the bloody path.  And there we have it, Karlach. 13 Armor class, Zariel Tiefling, danger sense which means that she's a barbarian, level 3 Barbarian. Let's get going. About that wrong. One horn, the stink of a furnace, advocates diaboli. God's Damned, the blade of Frontiers. Thought I'd shaken you for good, Wyll. Teach me to underestimate you. You're the devil we've been hunting, Karlach, right? Bloody right. An honor to be chased by the blade of Frontiers, but I agreed. Heat Wars through you, her heat, fiery as the hills. Then your last envisions of demonic armies as you tear through a landscape of Fire and Blood, the blood War. Resort from above as the nautiloid passed through awareness. This woman was on the front line.  What was that? Evidence. You're a devil, a gladiator in the archdevil Zariel's army. I can explain, but it's a whole situation. If you just hear me out. Another Vision, Karlach's blade raised, slicing through Devils, Zariel's servants. As her eyes dart around seeking escape, her rage and desperation seep. She's a victim of the blood War, was an agent of it. Trying to trick us, don't believe her lies. You saw the truth. I never wanted to serve Mizora. I was enlisted in her Army against my will, forced to fight a fight I did. When I saw an opportunity to get away, I took it. Finally home, or near it anyway. You served her, that's enough to damn you.  Be practical, Wyll. She's infected the same as you and powerful too. We can use her as an ally. Wyll catches his breath and his lips straighten. She had dread twists his face. You don't know what you're saying. You're asking me to trust the devil. You saw her thoughts, she poses no danger to the sword Coast. Can't you see I'm not what you think? You really are no devil, are you? I've received. Oh, thank the gods. Thought I was gonna have to take your head. You would have died in the attempt, but there have been enough threats today. Truce then, eh? Truce. I'm Karlach, but you already knew that. And you are? I'm Wolf. Well met, Soldier. Nice to meet a friendly around here. It's been tough going so far.  I may not be a devil, but I can put the Blade's reputation to work. How would you feel about helping me kill some evil bastards? Little background if your moral compass needs something to point at. You already know I fought in the blood War. I was good, really good. It turns out I've got a knack for killing demons. That made me a valuable asset. Zariel, the arch devil herself, made me as her personal attack dog. I played along until I could get the fuck out of there. But Devils don't like to lose their assets. Because Mizora liked it so little, she sent a bunch of goons, so-called paladins of tear, to take me back. Problem is, I'm not going.  Why should I do your dirty work? That's the only kind I like. But there are a lot of them and just the one of me. I'll take point and you flank him. Then we can work on evicting this parasite and take favor and buy their short hairs. Sound good? Hang on, I said I'd help you, not team up with you long term. Trust me and you see what I'm capable of, you won't regret it. Okay, I think I like Karlach. Let's do it. Cornered me outside the tall house just up the hill. Don't they've gone far after the scorching I gave him. Hang on though, looks like you've got enough backup at your side. Not sure there's room for me. I'll catch up with you when it's time to camp for now. But don't get to any of the fun stuff without me, got it? Okay.  But why, why, why? A great uncle today. I just figured you've been witness to a pantomime, I'm sorry to say. And I've played my part all too poorly. I respect Wyll for admitting it that he was wrong. Someone set you on Karlach's tail. I'd like to know who this source of yours is. I can say only this. Karlach's not the only one who's had a villain's knife held to their throats. What's that supposed to mean? The truth will out before you know it. One night soon, when we make camp, the veil will be lifted and I'll pay my pennants. Penance, should I be worried? You're not in any danger, I promise. I can't say the same about me.  Okay, so I think I actually want to. We did Wyll's quest for now. Spoke ominously about a Penance he must face. We should take a long rest when the opportunity strikes. There's clearly a lot of blade of Frontiers, clearly excuse me, there's clearly a lot the blade of Frontiers isn't telling us. We decided to let Karlach join us. The paladins will have something to say about it. Although Shadowheart tried to hide it, we discovered that she worships the goddess Shar. We need to ensure she doesn't keep anything else from us. Let's go to camp. No time to rest. Let's have a chat with Wyll. Well met. I think I have to make it night time. Hell's fire, she's coming. No way. You've been naughty and you know what happens when you're naughty. God's damn it, anyone but her.  Well, this is incredible. We never saw this in Early Access. Just two in the nine Hells are you? Kept me a secret. Time to let the Hellcat out of the bag. I'm Wyll's Patron, the fount of his power. My Pet's been unruly and his leash needs a yank. We had a deal, Wyll. But Karlach's still breathing. I've taken more pleasant shits than you, Mizora. And at least those can be buried after. That's no kind of talk for a lady. By the way, Karlach, Zariel sends her regards. You told me. Devils only. She's a Tiefling, not a monster. How precious. The little popsters found his bark. Clause G section 9. Target shall be limited to The Infernal, the Demonic, the heartless and the soulless. Karlach meets the criteria, pet. Trust me.  Al, this is a great scene so far. I like Mizora a lot and I really love the dynamic between Wyll and Karlach. And look at the choices that we have. If we kill Karlach now. Better not lay a damn finger on Karlach. Get to the point, devil. What do you want? The point, oh yes. Thanks for the reminder. The lightning storms of Death Strike his flesh. His soul passes through each layer of the health, gaining their essence and their torment. Oh my God. Hell's have you done? Almost broken a price paid. You know the terms, get used to the new form, Pat. There's no going back. Some magic even I can't undo. Now, let's see how the Frontiers fair without their precious blade. Karlach, keep an eye on him, would you? I'll be keeping mine on you. Oh, and well, don't forget our Pat still stands. Tata.  I love her character. And Wyll is much more likable now. Larian did a good job rewriting his character. Okay, we have to make our rounds here. Everybody wants to talk about that. Hopefully, Larian cleans up those cut scenes a little bit where everybody just kind of like ap. Pears after the scene's over, everybody just teleports back to whatever spot they're supposed to be in. I have been getting a few patches already in the review build, so yeah, look at the horns, that is crazy. Imagine having to walk around with those horns. I mean, Tieflings have to, but Wyll's horns look like straight up devil horns. God's damn her straight back to the hells. Just look at me, I did what was right and Mizora made me pay for it. I'd be hunting devils and demons, she said, traitors and hypocrites, heartless evils of all sorts, but not Zarya's victims, not innocent Tieflings. Warlock pants tend to be unforgiving from what you know of them. Wyll was lucky he didn't face a more severe punishment. What did you expect? Well, she's a devil, hardly the paragon of honesty. All these years, you'd think it's a lesson I'd have well learned.  It's Mizora who grants me the power to conjure armor and cast Eldritch blasts. Before I was infected, I could even call the hell beasts and summon festering clouds, but I promise you, every thrust of my blade and every flame I sparked was for the good of the coast. What are the terms of your pact? I can't utter the terms or circumstances of the pact. I can tell you most all else, but the pact is unforbidden unless Mizora permits it. But I'll say this, the moment I packed myself to Mizora, I have not regretted for a heartbeat. It was my proudest deed, it was worth the sacrifice. All I can give you on that is my solemn word.  Okay, devil and devil hunter standing shoulder to shoulder against a common enemy, rather poetic I think. I'll be honest, Soldier Unrealing Wyll hardly knows me, but he chose my life over his. It's been a long time since someone stuck their neck out for me like that. I do get the feeling that Wyll is a good man, and in Early Access, I didn't necessarily feel that way. You must be relieved, gobsmacked really, really grateful. Could learn a thing or two from a man like that. Hopefully, we won't turn into mind flayers first.  There you are, my friend. What happened, were you attacked? Oh, that scratch? I ran afoul of a bear. He took a little of my blood, I took all of his. Sounds like a dangerous meal, seems so, it's worth having on but significantly better than the rats and bugs Cazador served me. Flies, and what did you do to deserve that? I existed, that was enough for him. He reveled in having power over me because those with power can do whatever the hell they want. We're not powerless. Hmm, tadpoles are quite the assets. I'm starting to think about that a little bit, but I'm not ready to say that you think power lets you do anything free from consequence. The strong have a duty to protect the weak.  Had two centuries to pluck me from torture, but no one came. No, it was the Mind flayers that rescued me. They gave me a gift, the strength to take my own freedom. I'm embracing this power, you should too. You know, it's really, really easy to think that somebody's perspective on life is completely wrong, but when you really, really put yourself in their shoes, it starts to make a lot more sense. Thinking about being Asterion, feeding off of rats, being a slave to a brutal vampire lord, and then you get snatched up by mind flayers which essentially free him, and now he has a newfound power. You can just kind of understand, like if you're in a situation, you wouldn't necessarily just be this goody two shoes person. I think that's true IRL too, you know, you got to really try to see life through the perspective of other people and try to understand why they have that perspective because many times it makes sense, even if you disagree with it.  Okay, let's go ahead and finish our rest here. Actually, I think I want to take Karlach. Man, Wyll is looking so cool now, now I don't know who I want to take with me. The good thing is we don't have to choose companions. As long as companions like us, they'll probably hang out with us for the majority of the game. It's not like DOS 2 where by like act two you have to choose your set party heading out. But yeah, so I think I will actually substitute in and out players here. I want Gale because he's a wizard, and I want Shadowheart because she's a Clara can have healing word. But you know what, let's get rid of Shadowheart for this mission.  Let me guess, you're wondering why I was in pain before. Best if we just get the subject out of the way now. The wound on my hand, it never quite heals, and sometimes it causes terrible pain to rip through me. It's my burden though, from Lady Shar. I can feel her influence somehow. Getting a lot of interesting dialogue that's run from the companions. Why would Shar subject you to such a thing? I cannot say, not with what I can recall, but even then it would not be for me to question her will. Lady Shar has her reasons.  Is there anything I can do to help, Shadowheart? I don't think so, but you're sweet to ask. Maybe, be patient the next time you see me wince or cry out. It'll pass quickly enough, it always does. Pain is sacred to followers of Lady Shar. Pain will give way to loss and then to the peace of her eternal darkness. You can tolerate a great deal of suffering so long as it has meaning. Very true. So you knew more than you were letting on before. I hope you'll be more honest in the future. You know, I'm not even going to ask her that right now, still don't know each other that well, so decide. If you're sure, fine, I'll be here whenever you rediscover your taste. I'm happy that when you dismiss a companion, it doesn't drop their approval rating of you.  We're gonna take Karlach now, we're gonna change it up a little bit. I haven't needed healing word so far. I'm sure I'm gonna need it a lot when we get to act 2 and we have these encounters that I've never experienced before. Yeah, oh, we got some more dialogue here too. Mizora said you'd fit the criteria for Wyll to hunt, what did she mean? Help me kill paladins of tear and I'll tell you a bit of good gossip for your good help. How did you end up fighting in the blood war? The blood war, for those of you guys that are unfamiliar, is the basically never-ending battle between devils and demons. Evil versus evil, and the majority of the battles take place in the uppermost layer of the nine hells in Avernus. And that's where she was during descent into Avernus when the city of El Torell was teleported to Avernus. Take care of the goons on my tail, okay, he doesn't want to answer any questions right now, so let's just leave. Hell yeah, okay, and we got Karlach so let me save this as Karlach level two to three, there we go.  Barbarian's a really good class in this game. They also have the most HP. The danger sentence, you have an advantage on dexterity saving throws against traps, spells, and surfaces, so a really good scout class. And Reckless attack, until your next turn, you have an advantage on attack rolls, but enemies also have advantage against you. But that's okay because when you're a tank, you don't mind taking some damage. Foreign, in the new Barbarian subclass is wild magic or the one that wasn't in Early Access. The wild influence of magic has transformed you, suffusing you with an arcane power that churns within you, waiting to be released. Enter a rage that releases all the magic rolling inside of you, causing a random magical effect. If resistance to physical damage and advantage on strength checks and saving throws. And Magic awareness, anyone within range adds their proficiency bonus to saving throws against spells, wow. Anybody that's fighting on the front lines with her. And of course, we have Berserker which is super powerful, you get frenzy which is another attack. And then the Wild Heart Barbarian is really cool, there's some really cool choices. But we're gonna go ahead and go with wild magic, see what it's all about. Getting pretty close to level four, so that's, I don't think I even need to use camp supplies, nope, I'm pretty much full on spell slots, let's take a partial rest.  Hey, look, Scratch showed up. I think this is going to be a nice stopping point for the halfway point in this episode. So episode 5 part one has concluded. I'll see you all again in a few moments or when you make it back. Welcome back, let's go ahead and talk to Scratch here, and then we're going to push down with Karlach's quest. I gotta do speak with animals, we'll pet them first. I got approval out of Gale, Wyll, and Karlach for petting the dog, that's cute. See if we can play fetch, look at it boy, where'd he go, Scratch? Huh, nobody wants to play fetch with me, throw it a little bit closer, okay, well that makes me sad.  So we met Wyll's diabolical, excuse me, diabolical Patron Mizora, who is none too happy to find out that Wyll failed to slay Karlach. She punished Wyll for his disobedience by turning him into a devil and departed, though it seems likely that we'll meet her again. Like a brisk stroll through the forest to invigorate the spirit. Hey, we've got this Soul coin, right? Thing is, I think I can use it, my engine can anyway. Zariel used to top me up every now and again when she wanted me to go after an especially wicked target. Wow, so we finally are finding out a use for the soul coins, kind of similar to Gale. The gal needs magical artifacts, she needs Soul coins. You got a coin slot in your heart or what? Next time we find ourselves toe to toe with something we want to squash, point me, see what happens. Intriguing, next time we're in battle, we'll make sure that we get you one. Actually, try a coin now, I want to see this in action. I don't know if I want to waste the coin right now, but I feel like I need to see it first. Wow, it's not the kind of thing I'd like to squander, see a soul coin is a precious thing. Better used to find evil than show off, okay, trust me. Next time we're facing something nasty, I'll be all over him. Okay, fair enough. Hopefully, where we are in relation to wa.  Okay, let's hunt the devil and confront the paladins. Let me just write something down in my notes right here. We have magic awareness, that's pretty cool. It lasts for one turn. Then of course, there's Reckless attack which all barbarians get. Once we get into combat, we can try out rage wild magic. I can't wait to see that. I gotta get some more gear though.  Breathe deep and move. No time to rest, looking ahead. Very nice, now that we have a barbarian in our group, I don't think we need to stealth around at all. We can just walk up to these places. It's like a symbol of tear. We have a bunch of dead Knolls. Well, if we're confronting paladins of tear, let's go ahead and spread out a little bit here. We'll put Gale on the roof. Oh no, who's that? If she doesn't mind, yes, we'll put him in the shadows up here.  Actually, I think I'll do the same with Wyll. Yeah, I'll put him up two steps at a time. Let's have a quick chat though with Sorel here. 'Need any supplies? How many did you lose? Two? Sworn to uphold Justice, what happened to you? Lord have sent us after a devil haunting, we lost. Talk to Anders if you want the details, I don't have it in me to recount the horror. Smoke powder bomb in Tia's name.'  I think Wyll looks pretty awesome with the horns actually. I wonder if there's a way to prevent that from happening. I can't wait to play this game again and try everything just like completely different. Okay, let's go ahead and check this place out. 'Cut it out, it's worse than those out there. Swift as my feet, no more. Leave us in peace and we shall leave you in kind. The crap, Anders, I know what you are. Don't let her hurt us, please, we just want to go home.'  That looks totally different from Early Access. Okay, we're definitely going to use detect thoughts. Actually, now let's do detect thoughts. I feel more confident in that than assessing his posture to make my determination as to whether or not I'll kill him. Minus one to intelligence though, but let's give it a shot. Beautiful, I want that armor.  I just got a Twitchy leg. The arch Duchess will be delighted when we return with Karlach's head on a pike. The arch duchess, hmm. Okay, let's go ahead and also do the Insight check. I don't have Shadowheart for the guidance anymore, that's pretty rough. Of his eye, you suspect he's lying. Enough of the charade, I know who you really are. Enough, I'll not play pretend anymore. Karlach, you're going home in pieces if needs must and you, you'll soon learn what it means to ally yourself for the likes of this garbage. Damn, it's never my home, it was my prison. I'm free now and I'm never going back.  Oh shit, how do I give her a soul point? That's what I want to know how to do. Check reactions real fast, okay we're looking pretty good. I'm not sure like when, maybe when it's my character's turn or hold on, maybe we can just consume it on our turn. Let's try this out, this is about to be crazy. Consume, oh my gosh, I'm gonna F5 this, I might want to come back to this. Okay, here we go.  Okay, infernal Fury lasts until long rest. The hatred and pain of a captured Soul fuel Karlach's infernal machine. For weapon and unarmed attacks deal an additional one to four fire damage when she's raging or when her hit points drop below 25 percent. Or you could just use the ever burn blade, you know what I'm saying, a sword that I have to get that fire damage. Or you could dip your weapon. Okay, not bad, I thought it would be more powerful though, especially at the cost of a soul coin. But fair enough, it looks pretty awesome. Let's go kick some ass, I want to try out this wild magic stuff.  Don't have a bonus action though to rage, so let's just go ahead and do a regular attack. Damn, oh my God, if I had rage, I would have survived that. Holy crap, okay we gotta get serious now, that was crazy. You gotta be kidding me, Larian, you closed this window, no way. Okay, Defender was the people, him just can't open doors. Are there any other windows in this place? Doesn't look like it. Man, I love tactical combat like this, so much fun and I'm so happy that Larian changed up some of these encounters from Early Access.  We got to take down Anders as fast as possible because paladins are freaking deadly. Okay, let's see what we can do here. Kind of spell, I didn't prepare the right spells I don't think, forgot to cast a Mage Armor too. Let me do it back here, I'm a little bit worried it's going to put me in combat. Wait, did I cast Mage Armor? No, I didn't. Why did I use a spell slot? I'm missing one spell slot. For me, it's a gnome's life for me. Okay, let's go ahead and have time actually to prepare because I'm not in combat.  Can't wait to get my necrotic spells, I haven't done anything with this sub, I should have taken evocation. All right, let's go, something cheaper to learn half the spells that I've learned. Let's take cloud of daggers now, we're gonna get rid of, they're getting rid of Thunder Wave temporarily. The problem is this guy's not really set up for cloud daggers right now. Let's go ahead and foreign, we're just going to start off with a yeah, we'll start off with a can trip. And then I'm gonna bring Willen, oh yeah we got all sorts of Bells here, he goes.  Okay, we got Karlach back up, even if he attacks her again at least he's using his action. Okay, let's go baby, sixty percent chance on our attack. Should coat my weapon, I should start using poison more often. Okay, here we go. I'm currently dazed right now though, disadvantage on wisdom saving throws, can't take reactions and loses dexterity bonus to armor class. Okay, unbelievable. All right, I'm gonna go ahead and do it, so there's more. Okay, hold on, let's do, I got them both, yes I do. Damn it, my Bear's taunt hasn't even succeeded one time yet. Go ahead and get up in her face, we have another combatant coming in right now in a room that we haven't discovered.  I think we have to go all out on Anders though, although this is, what class is she, the trader class? I think she's like a wizard or something, a little bit nervous about that. Oh man, I don't have an action. All right, okay, there it is, the opportunity attack, this car locks down again. Damn, I haven't had a chance to rage yet. Oh my God, that is crazy damage, paladins are just ridiculous. You gotta be kidding me, I'm gonna try it again. All right, go to this character, at least that's a start. Okay, this is the roughest encounter that we've been in so far because Anders is apparently a total badass.  Okay, Gale, I would love to do clouded daggers but it's just not a good position for it. It's a 24 HP, put up cast sleep, take this character out of the fight or let me think here, would that be more valuable or throw in a potion? I think it's time to look for a potion of speed, some of the best potions in the game. Actually, I have a ton of potions, some interesting potions that weren't in Early Access here. All of my gear is on my Ranger because I have 17 strength. I can't wait to get to level four and finally take my feet.  Okay, I don't see what I'm looking for so let's try, let's let me try this. I can have it, I gotta have a greater healing potion in here somewhere. There's one right there so let's send that to Gale. I know you can throw potions on the ground, just don't know how it's gonna, okay this should be fine actually. Larian has better visual representation now. I don't want to heal Anders so I got to make sure I back this up a little bit. Okay, so actually, so that didn't heal them, we'll see how that plays out. Let me back up a little bit.  Okay, so do I have hex on him? So let's go ahead and do, we're gonna do an Elders blast. Man, I feel like I'm doing so good in Dialogue on this run so far but my combat roles are horrible. Oh man, this is gonna be tough. Okay, no time to waste. Okay, sounds good to me, we will make do. You gotta be kidding me, gosh man, what love, what level is it? He's level five. We're level three right now so that's partially the reason why this combat encounter has proven to be so difficult. Probably better to go, I kind of skipped a little bit to this area. I skipped like the whole moonhaven village area.  But I think I can still do this. That's not good with him being up there though. We got to get creative now. So we have the potion on the floor but it's not enough to pick them up. So I think once I get them up though then they will catch the passive heal from that. Oh gosh, okay so let's go ahead and throw ocean. I'm gonna actually hit my character right now. Okay, so that gets him up and I think I'm gonna get another heel too, possibly. Then we're gonna miss these step the hell out of here man. I'm actually gonna miss these step down, oh nope I gotta be careful.  Good messy stuff, I could try to bring this guy out here then I would want Thunder Wave again actually. Okay, I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I don't have many spell slots as a warlock but you only have two until like level I don't know maybe 11 or 9, I can't remember what it is. Hold on, let me see what this is, off balance. The affected entity has disadvantage on strength and dexterity checks and attack rolls against it have advantage. I just try to take the hits, you know what I'm going to, have a mirror image scroll or blur, umbrella protection from evil. Tell you if creatures are evil, Let's test that out, you know why not right, why the hell not.  Oh, I can't actually, okay. Oh cause it's an action, okay. All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna miss these step. Trying to do this without, there we go, it's, I'm gonna go out the front door two steps at a time. Man, I wish I had freaking, damn it, I wish I had Thunder Wave right now. Okay, let's go ahead and do sleep level two. Target's out of sight, aren't you gonna move in sight, there we go. Okay, perfect, not sure if this guy is going to attack me if he.  Tacks gal, I think I'm kind of screwed here. I'm actually gonna miss these steps all the way over here. Okay, he's coming back down for my Ranger. Oh wow, pushed her back up. Okay, I'm probably gonna die. Let me see if I can go it again. If I can hit this, that would be epic. Okay, I always succeed on his saving throw though. That wasn't very nice. Okay Gale, I'm gonna need you to get down. I wonder if you can do this. Nice, we did it okay. And then I'm going to, where's Shadowheart when you need her? The one fight where I actually need her. Diligence and care. Hey, we got Karlach back up and let's just start backing up. I'm tempted to throw another potion in there, try to help these guys out a little bit. Anders has got 21 HP. 60 with the Eldritch blast, it would not come back too. Or do I throw a potion? The thing is even if I throw a potion, I feel like he's so powerful if you still have spell slots for divine Smite. I'm scared either way. Oh, that was great.  Okay, so here we go, finally wild. Yes, here we go. Oh, I have like no HP right now. Do I take that potion and run or do we get to see what the rage wild magic is all about? Okay, let's do it. Enter a rage that releases all the magic rolling inside of you. So let's see what the random magical effect is. I'm gonna move over here a little bit. Oh nice, I ran through the potion on the ground. Wow, look at that. That's badass. Whoa, to the end of your rage, flowers and vines sprout around you. Vine growth, difficult terrain for everyone other than the Barbarian. Yeah, so you got to be a little bit careful because this is also difficult to reign for my Ranger. Although Rangers, I think at level eight, get a feature that will allow them to move through difficult terrain at normal speeds. That's pretty badass. Okay, let's go ahead and, hmm, I think I want to stay here because I want to soak up damage. I don't want them to attack wolves. Let me get in front of the wolf right here. Oh, this is such a badass subclass. I thought it was set in stone on the ground, but it's a circle that moves with the Barbarian. Let's get right up in their faces, try to get it off of the wolf. Bastard, you gotta be kidding me. He's moving slow though, that's nice. Okay, so Hunter's Mark is currently off. Well, that's Hunter's Mark. I wonder if I can get a tack off without going too deep into the difficult Terrain. Dude, my hunter is just, it's bad how much I'm missing. It is real bad and that's not an opportunity. Interesting, no opportunity attack. Okay, foreign again. I'm actually gonna have to, how much HP do I have? Ah, okay. Thank God I succeeded in that, holy cow. All right, we'll flatte what we're gonna do here my friends. I'll tell you what we're gonna do, indubitably. Give him a little bit HP and back up. Well, let's see if we can get one Elder class to push this guy back. Awesome, finally. You know, I should have used Reckless attack the first time. I got it mixed up with a different ability. It's All Coming Back to Me Now. I haven't played Barbarian in like a year. Enemies do have advantage against you though when you use this. Awesome, and if I was gonna push him, I'd want to push him this way. Perfect, he's never getting to my other companions now.  All right, so we still have Hunter's Mark on. I think maybe I'll just go help out my bear. I only have 11, no no, we're gonna, let's back up. Let's back her up. Foreign, okay we got 16 HP now. I do have a throwing weapon, hold on man. I should have thrown a weapon. I wonder if I can get a javelin toss off. Can't wait to play this on tactician. I don't got any javelins or any throwing axes. Are you kidding me? I thought I had a ton of those. I must have sold them. All right, I'm Gonna Keep The Bear here as long as I can. Jumped over my Bear's head. All right, perfect, perfect, perfect, back up again. Foreign, blast. Okay, do I just attack? I think I have to. I'm almost dead but if I can take out Anders, it's going to make a huge difference in this fight. Yes, now it's game over. The Sword of Justice gives you tears protection which is Shield of faith I can tell. Protect a creature from attacks, increase its armor class by two and last until a long rest. I wonder if they, you can still cheese that, where you just put the sword on, you use it and then you take the sword off. Sure, you probably can. I don't know how I feel about that. It's like a cheese but it's not a cheese too. All right Karlach, over there, get you at the door. I'm gonna back up. I wish I could ready in action right now. Wow, there's a lot of damage. All right, Karlach's almost dead again. You know what, I bet you could run in here and kill like, I guarantee I can. Let's do it. Awesome, only one enemy left. It's funny because it's hard, I can't really like get through either. So this is a really cool wild magic surge out of Karlach but your positioning really matters because it's really hard for me to get my characters in to fight now. So we'll let this guy come to us though. I'm just gonna skip my turn again. There you go Karlach, see if we can get her to come down. Watch HP, 15 HP, almost dead. You know what, screw it. Said in yogi beara, hmm, real tough with everything on the everything on the ground right now. Don't have enough strength to get back up top. I'm not sure what I want to do. I don't know if I can hit a shot from right here. It's gonna end my turn. Just an annoying positioning here. Okay, look you know what, it's, I'm not playing games anymore. I need a throne weapon right now, that would be great or Thorn whip would be amazing. Okay, there we go. This is worth the cost. One day I'll catch a break. Power Ranger sucks, it favors The Fearless. Thank you. I also have this Brazier right here, we could have shot down on top of Ender's head. Damage out of that Elder splash. Fuck, follow me. I won't go back, I'm never coming back. And if any of mummy's little friends want to pick up where the others left off, they'll find nothing but a pile of Ash. Damn, Zariel won't get near you again, we'll make sure of that. Can't he, couldn't even lay a finger. Cool, all right, we confronted the paladins chasing Karlach. She's joined our search for a cure for the parasite. Oh shit, what happened to, hell happened to him man, what's going on over here? Is he, that's pretty cool. To rage, can I control her? She's destroying everything. I literally don't have control over her anymore. Unbridled wrath, releasing a decade of pent-up rage in a blaze of infernal Fury. My companions are taking damage. I wonder if that's how gal died. Bruh, oh my gosh, I battle to do it. Okay, almost, you almost tpk the party, Karlach's sake. That's a let off a little steam after facing off with those ignots. Granted, the fire is lasting a little longer than it should. How do I look? Hot. Careful Soldier, if I burn any hotter I might explode. Hear that? Infernal engine for a heart lets me burn as hot as the hells. Excuse me, running in overdrive since I left a furnace. Won't be seeing my mechanic anytime soon, so I'll just make the most of the extra heat. Just don't get too close until I found a way to calm it down. How the hell else did you get an infernal engine for a heart? High pain tolerance and a dynamic Geo of truly shitty bosses but it's a bit early in the game to be getting into tragic backstories. Let's save the scar show for later, after we've worked up an appetite for tragedy. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. Believe me when I say this thing is hot. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shape may be able to do this right here but perhaps they just don't let you do it with your familiar, it has to be your actual character. Go ahead and summon in, bring back fern. Hey girl, good to see you again. Man, now I'm really curious what that is. I'm way too big. I can't believe I can't get the rat in there. Okay, we're gonna have to try to remember, oh my gosh is this leopard arm right there. One day I'll catch you, ketchup which way to the nearest library. Okay, so Karlach needs an infernal mechanic to tune up the infernal engine that is her heart. We'll have to find him in the Druids Grove nearby. Hopefully, he'll be able to stabilize things. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shape may be able to do this right here but perhaps they just don't let you do it with your familiar, it has to be your actual character. Go ahead and summon in, bring back fern. Hey girl, good to see you again. Man, now I'm really curious what that is. I'm way too big. I can't believe I can't get the rat in there. Okay, we're gonna have to try to remember, oh my gosh is this leopard arm right there. One day I'll catch you, ketchup which way to the nearest library. Okay, so Karlach needs an infernal mechanic to tune up the infernal engine that is her heart. We'll have to find him in the Druids Grove nearby. Hopefully, he'll be able to stabilize things. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shape may be able to do this right here but perhaps they just don't let you do it with your familiar, it has to be your actual character. Go ahead and summon in, bring back fern. Hey girl, good to see you again. Man, now I'm really curious what that is. I'm way too big. I can't believe I can't get the rat in there. Okay, we're gonna have to try to remember, oh my gosh is this leopard arm right there. One day I'll catch you, ketchup which way to the nearest library. Okay, so Karlach needs an infernal mechanic to tune up the infernal engine that is her heart. We'll have to find him in the Druids Grove nearby. Hopefully, he'll be able to stabilize things. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shape may be able to do this right here but perhaps they just don't let you do it with your familiar, it has to be your actual character. Go ahead and summon in, bring back fern. Hey girl, good to see you again. Man, now I'm really curious what that is. I'm way too big. I can't believe I can't get the rat in there. Okay, we're gonna have to try to remember, oh my gosh is this leopard arm right there. One day I'll catch you, ketchup which way to the nearest library. Okay, so Karlach needs an infernal mechanic to tune up the infernal engine that is her heart. We'll have to find him in the Druids Grove nearby. Hopefully, he'll be able to stabilize things. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shape may be able to do this right here but perhaps they just don't let you do it with your familiar, it has to be your actual character. Go ahead and summon in, bring back fern. Hey girl, good to see you again. Man, now I'm really curious what that is. I'm way too big. I can't believe I can't get the rat in there. Okay, we're gonna have to try to remember, oh my gosh is this leopard arm right there. One day I'll catch you, ketchup which way to the nearest library. Okay, so Karlach needs an infernal mechanic to tune up the infernal engine that is her heart. We'll have to find him in the Druids Grove nearby. Hopefully, he'll be able to stabilize things. Meanwhile, I'll need to find someone who can tune up my engines, sooner rather than later. The first time I faced down those paladins, they let slip there was an infernal mechanic in the area. He might be able to stabilize things if I can find him. There are some Tiefling holed up in a Druids Grove nearby, we might look there. Sounds like a good lead. Hopefully our guy will be among them. Tune up would do this old turbo world of good. Infernal war machines are these gigantic, gigantic vehicles of War. The Devils used in the blood war to fight against demons and they're powered by Soul coins. And she has an infernal engine as her heart which is really interesting. I'm very curious about the lore behind that Karlach's story now. Karlach seems just like a fun character to have in your group like this is, this is cool. More money did, I didn't expect to like Karlach as much as I do right now. All right, we'll do some quick looting for camp supplies. A lot of food here. I know there's a basement here too. Little kind of struggling as to how much content I should do on the let's play series. Because I mean if I do like everything like, potentially 200 hours of a let's play, that's ridiculous. So we're gonna pretend that I didn't see that latch right there, okay. Your image, yay. Anders didn't have any armor that I could take. I thought I might get a heavy armor out of him. All right, let's go ahead and loot Trend and then we are out of here. Gotta push on with like the main quest for a little bit. Surprised that I haven't leveled up yet, like I'm leveling slower in the full game than Early Access. I could be wrong in saying that though. Played it already, and I'm off. Check the back side real fast. What looks so funny with the horns. What's that? I am way too big for a hole that tiny. A burrow hole, oh my gosh, you know what we can try here. No, well I can get it, wait hold on. Now I can't click it with the find familiar. I feel like Druid wild shapeThe engine she has for a heart might be nearby. We defeated Zariel's followers, so Karlach is safe for now. Our main quest is to find a cure. We met some cultists who worship a deity called the Absolute. One of them could communicate with us, which means that they were infected.  Okay, so let's start clearing the roads of goblins. I know exactly where we need to go. These goblins aren't going to offer much XP, I don't think, but we did kind of skip over one of the areas of the map. I still haven't been dipping my weapons yet. We need to be careful and probably take a long rest.  We want to go back this way. Actually, hold on, I know that there's a travel point over here. No, I think it's up the road further. Let me just double check down here. Yes, there is a waypoint, perfect. I'm happy that I came back. This is the Risen Road. No, never mind, let's go back to camp.  Soldier, I want to talk about your infernal engine. Rusty, how did you end up with such a contraption in your chest? A year ago, I was a delinquent from the outer city with everything to give and nothing to lose. I was a kid looking for a way to fill my days and make some cash when I fell into the wrong crowd. I worked for a guy I respected a lot. Turns out the feeling wasn't mutual. Through the jigs and the reels, he made a deal with Zariel behind my back. You know Zariel, right? Archdevil of Avernus. He put this thing in my chest and set me to work, to war. I learned quick how to stay alive and the engine served me when it came to killing devils.  You mentioned a boss who gave you up to Zariel, who was it? A guy named Gortash, a politician, inventor, one of these wheeler-dealer types. He seems to have a finger in every pie. I guess I was naive to think everything he got up to was above board. What did I know? I saw a job, a good job, with people I liked doing work I was good at. Sometimes I'm jealous of that girl, oh to feel so invincible again.  In your expert opinion, what's the best way to kill a devil? It depends on the type. Ice Devils hate an inferno, but that's an easy one. All thons love projectiles, what they don't love is getting their bombs lobbed right back in their faces. Demons, on the other hand, every demon is absolutely singular. You can't ever think you've got them typed out. Sharp instincts, sharp weapons, and a knack for improvisation, that's the only way to survive. Anyway, what are we talking about?  Now that those paladins are out of your way, what's next on your agenda? First things first, I need to get this engine tuned up. It's powerful but it's been feeling volatile ever since I left the Hills. Can't be too hard to find an infernal mechanic around here, right?  You and Mizora seem to know each other. We were both part of Zariel's inner circle, me by choice, her by force. In the grand scheme of things, I'm inconsequential to Zariel. Sure, I've got the engine, but I wasn't even her strongest fighter. She favored me like a child favors a captive pet. Mizora envied the attention, I suppose. I'm sure when Zariel gave her the order to hunt me down, Mizora was delighted.  It's interesting because Zariel was actually an angel at one point, and then she fell when she was in the Nine Hells, fighting against devils and demons. Asmodius captured her and he liked her, actually, and he turned her into an archdevil. So it's kind of similar to Karlach's story here, as Zariel captured her and kind of forced her to fight for Zariel.  You think she'll keep coming after you? I see why you were so keen to escape. I suppose you want to hear about Cazador, you said he was your master, my old master. The Mind Flayers took me from him before this strange, twisted freedom. Cazador is a vampire lord in Boulder's Gate, head of his coven and a monster obsessed with power. Not political power, military power, I mean power over people, the power to control them completely. He turned me nearly 200 years ago. I became his spawn and he became my tormentor.  And how were you turned? Did he attack you? Not him, no. A gang of thugs attacked me, angry about a ruling that I'd handed down as Magistrate. They beat me to death's door when Cazador appeared. He chased them off and offered to save me, to give me eternal life. Given that my choices were eternal life or bleed to death on the street, I took him up on the offer. It was only afterward I realized just how long eternity could be.  You've been a slave ever since? A spawn is less than a slave. We have no choice but to obey our master's commands. They speak and our bodies react. It's all part of the deal. Sometimes he'd order us to submit to torture, sometimes he'd have us torture ourselves, whatever his weather vane mood settled on.  I love the difference in responses here. You're free now, enjoy that freedom. I will, but I won't take it for granted. The Mind Flayers aren't the only monsters out there, and they might not be the only ones hunting us. All I'm asking is that you keep your eyes open and watch out for anything lurking in the shadows. You keep me safe and I'll do the same.  Man, there's just so much to these companions, it's crazy. Let's do it, tell me about your history. Why do you... oh, oops. I was a slave, okay, a vampire spawn, kept by the Czar family. Perhaps I still am. I was never able to resist their commands, but they won't ever control me again.  Isn't it glorious? Karlach's fury is a wonder to behold. That's awesome, Lae'zel finally likes a companion. Karlach's all fire and fury. I pray to the Triad it doesn't consume her.  How does it feel to be a devil? It's said that anyone who bathes in the River of Blood emerges as one born anew. It's a lot like that, I imagine. I feel the weight of these horns on my head, curling upwards like a mammoth's tusks. I feel these ridges snaking down my neck, not to mention a few bumps and prongs in unmentionable places. But I haven't seen my reflection just yet. Be my mirror, what do you see?  Actually, it looks pretty badass. Well, let's amp them up a little bit. I see the Blade of Frontiers, no more, no less. It's because you know the heart lurking under the horns. The people will see a curiosity, maybe even a beast, hungry for their souls. But I will slay their monsters, keep them safe, and one day they will see the Blade of Frontiers again.  Oh yeah, you should probably get out of this pact though. A possibility that's kept me awake countless nights. But I don't have a clue where to start, other than play her games and play by the rules. That's the only language devils listen to. But why obey her at all? What could she do that's worse than what she's already done? She could kill me for one. That's not the worst of it. My contract is very clear, I can bring Mizora no harm. She'll have to let me out of my pact willingly. The only way out is if I can out-bargain her.  We're standing here with nothing but the clothes on our backs and the worms in our heads. We can beat her if we put our worms together. We can, I'm sure of it. How glad I am that you see me as more than my patron's pet.  Okay, we'll talk to a gal and then Shadowheart. Go ahead, I'm listening. Hope we're good here, okay, oops. Thank you. Karlach's temper is a sight to behold. She'll need to be careful, that rage will burn her right out.  Okay, I think I'm gonna... man, I really missed Shadowheart that last time, though, I'm not gonna lie. But you know what, I was also two levels too low for that fight, so we'll leave it as Karlach and Wyll for a little bit. I'm gonna go back to here. I gotta be on the lookout for more animals, I feel like I've missed a few of them.  And we are going to head this way now. We still have more to explore in the swamp, but I'm not worried about that at the moment. Oh, I gotta go this way. We're gonna cross the bridge and we're going to walk into that ambush that we did perceive earlier, but we didn't actually explore it because I was distracted with the swamp and trying to find the letter to Kagha.  Oh, this is actually probably a great stopping point for this episode. And in the next episode, we will push on into this abandoned, ruined village up here and start making some progress on the main quest. Well, thank you all so much for watching. I'll catch you on the next one.